Eid ka zaakat fitra lene kab aa rha hai
tum dono ko hi sabse jyada thand lgti hai . . . shweta gaur meenakshi saxena
Bhai kha gayab hooo
#railbudget2015: revamping stations in terms of cleanliness, wider tracks etc.
Are mujhe pta h bhulna bhut mushkil hota h kuki y sab mne bh jhela h do tarike h ek asan or ek mushkl 1- phela bhar nikal cos m ya phir koi ghar k pas m ek mast s ladka dekh 15-20 din dekh apne aap bhul jayegi or ho sakta h y wala use kafi acha ho 2- dusra agar kam na kare to apne parents k bare m soch or unke liy ji y sucide kar k jo tu unhe gift dne wali h unke chahre soch jab unhe y sab pta lagega
Ahoy
Vo to soogye h ??
Hamare des ki saan hamare dil ki arman ham sab ki jaan hi hamare salman bhai jaan
Bhai bhuk lagi khana nahi khane jara aap ka wait kar raha
Accha thand bhayi
Wo kya chugli kri moti meri raat me ?
or wo maan gy
abe majid se chapal chori nahi hoti jise jarurt hoti he wo lekar jata he
Mobile se ?
acha acha
bhai hame bhi naraj na kariyo
tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet . well , them and scarlett johansen . different reasons though . . .
Hiii kam chhe
woh hame dafnane chale the par unhe nahi tha pata hum toh beej the. #aapsweep
has #unionbudget2015 met #realestate market expectations? shares his thoughts on #budget2015. http://t.co/m0r8qanl7p
rt #msgrevolution #msgyouthicon its only by ur grace
okkk
los poboycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz 90 . 7 fm new orleans at noon cst .
Wo bag aa gaya tere paas ??
kya ho gyaa ?
wow . . this is the clip of dublin's sunday times journo paul kimmage confronting lance armstrong : - youtube http/URL
yaar jaga dena subah
monta ellis / ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting thursday http/URL #nba #playersnews
puppet masters hv snipped off the strings since pappoo is not listening to his mummy #rahulonleave read tweets
if i'm a cici's buffet , these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese catholics on the last friday of lent .
Oy kaha tk hua ?

as reported jason varitek is close to taking job with #redsox , may be special assistant to gm ben cherington . #redsoxnation
Soooooooooo lambaaa confession ... padte padte ninni ajayegi ... ' p
#railbudget2015 controlling land encroachment through digitisation of land records.
Tu aise mat LA khane ke liye . Jab tuje pata hai main mess me pet bhar k khaya ..
#isupportmsg #welovemsg #msgincinemas #msgmegamovie we all should watch
Bhai k sath baat karne ko taras raha hu yaar
acha acha
super mario and road fighter .
I have a strong sense for who this guys might be ( not 100% sure though ) . And looking at some of the past comments you should be able to at least make a good guess .
Dost ne pucha tha
rt #msgrevolution #msgyouthicon dear dadddd its all because of uuuuu
norv turner calls a play action pass on 1st &amp; goal at the half-yard line , rivers throws a pick . #chargers
voo pajii tusi kitee chale gaye c
recaptured those awsm moments of life :d
4 baj gaye lekin salman ji nahin aye. :/
and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance , ku flaming out against ucla , mizzou losing to northern iowa .
#153 H10 council can sincerely think of starting \ " H10 Safari ... 1 hour wild tour to Jannat\ " . This way people like #146 can rest in peace and H10 can raise a huge fund )
after i tweeted about gary carter photo #facepalm , they removed the mets photo . 2nd choice almost as bad , kid holding mets cap .
mai aap se milta chahta hu lekin mai mil nahi pawga
people of delhi know promises of aam aadmi party - delhi and run away from responsibility in 49 days . aap can only give promises , but next kiran bedi govt will deliver good governance . . .
Oh
article 48 of indian constitution prohibit the slaughtering of cows,calves and other milch and draught animals. #beefban
b-team practice thursday , plus a parent meeting to discuss the details of the n . o . trip , &amp; a finance update . .
Bahut sahi
hindi aur english dono hi kachua sir padhte hain . . . . :d
is this a confession ? ? ? what are you doing admin ? ? ?
the skinny: breezy may be getting it from riri and ex , kt . getting that cake ! cake ! cake ! and eating it too . &lt;3 . . . http/URL
ligue 1: nadal watches as psg go top: paris st germain went to the top of ligue 1 on saturday after a kevin game . . . http/URL
Bhai kaise ho?
rt #msgyouthicon aaj se pehle jo bhi film aai sabne yuvaon ko bigaad diya, msg ne bigde huye yuvaon ko sudhar diya...
#beefban is essential, now they should pass a bill to #bandeforestation.
so gaye kya
Itna intezar to roza khulna ka bhi ni krta jitna apka ek post ka karta hooo ....plzz reply karain maharbani apki bhtt bhtt
commentator says porto dominated 1st half &amp; looks that way again in the 2nd
top 5 upcoming games for the playstation vita: after a slow start back in march , the playstation vita has . . . http/URL - n4g
Nhi karna h tujhe ?
Abbi ke liye
yaar sahi hai shaan ke pass to gloves bhi hai khelne ko hmare pass to kuch bhi nhn hota tha . . :p
kaya huya, kaha hai app,hum logo ko murga to nehe banareha hai?
You know the situation of Indian economy is bad when Sonia Gandhi has to go to a local hospital .
#123 I always used to think ultra nerds make up IITB ... now I realize that you guys are as clueless as anyone else in the same age group , possibly more socially challenged !
bhi aa rha h Wednesday ko isliye dekh liyo
btaungi bhi
Zabardastt
bhai sidhi baat kewal mere saath
3:30 par bat ho gi sab se allah hafiz
no not yet , going taiwan soon for training then passing out december 21st . looking forward to not being a recruit/trainee ha
Bhaijaan kahan ho..kat ki sath hai tum
Kamal krte ho pandey ji kha ho aap
Jaise kn sai gaan ?
Han yaar
kya hogya
Dusri movie hui kya ??
Han
Admin ye apka zamana ni hai fb karne ka .. age v kafi hogayi apki .. ap rest karo
Sir mai sab me se eak alag salg fan hu .Maine suna apka apharan huwa
going to 3mph: a woman's walk around the . . . at chautauqua community house on mon , nov 12 http/URL
how does it compare to diablo iii (regardless of how fair that comparison may be) ?
deal of the hour $2622 &amp; up -- brazil , chile , uruguay &amp; argentina tours w/air: through april http/URL #deals
since maharashtra govt's #beefban has caused worldwide outrage, here's an old but relevant article on the issue - http://t.co/vsppkvh2h7
Sir ab bihar me lalu nitish ka supda saf kro
rt done the cartoon on #aapsweep in #delhi --will post tomorrow morning.
Yahi toh prblm hai ki ab hamara samaj kisi ki soch ko dekhkar uske bare mei apna vichaar prakat nahi karta balki aaj samaj vesbhusa ko dekhkar apne vichaar prakat karta h . jo ki bilkul galat hai
" rivers may have just entered cmon man territory with that int in the end zone -- #chargerfansbooing " why did that need a hashtag
2nd movie for the night - ghost rider : " ) #nowwatching ~
dekho 4 baj gaye,phir bhi aana tera baki hai.
what?? why introspect in bangkok?? he can do that here too. we have tourist places in india. #whereisrahul #rahulonleave
write urgent in your schedule in front of "going to watch shamitabh "
Se
Nhi yaar
sunil gavaskar is on. now every player on field will be addressed using common nouns. #indvspak #cwc2015
ye kaun hai
this was like in the last match of india vs sa some one in commentary box said rohit is a brilliant player if he stays it would be gud for india & the next ball rohit was out .
guddu ne college yaad dila diya
jackals goal ! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a 2-1 lead . bushee &amp; bellamy with the assists . 1:09 left 2nd period
hey reggie . how are you ? i'm very sorry that haven't had the chance to get back to you . i'll e-mail you tomorrow
Jhansi pata chlega
Kuch to bto koi
Salmannnnn aaa intezaar idhar ? tere liye ?
the emmys are the unwatched awards show: in february , the grammy awards show blew through the . . . http/URL #entertainment #oc
tomorrow im doing a poll at 5pm-which series of dancing on ice is ur fave the celeb+pro that won the series will get a shoutout
real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count . mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk we're in
ram ram di
macro economic reform to address the daily and basic needs of people should act as centre of very policy formulation. #railbudget2015
Hmm??
Ja raha hai bhai ??
only bjp can do everything . . but not anti women party[aap]
Nhi launde
kya bat karu ?? Bangladesh main jo Hindu k satha jo horaha hain... baat kar k kya hoga ??
csk ke all khiladi se honi chahiyea
Bhai 4 mint
Bas ek mnt hai
this defeat for was much much needed. what's a democracy without any objections and opposition? #aapsweep #aapstorm
abi bhai ko pir behja ha apko kch snds karna k lia pata nhe apka adress tek nhe pata mja
Jab miya biwi raazi to kya karega qazi ab samjh ja p
nigga i'm stoned i just got back from a blunt ride thur boxford nd georgetown
ko to aane de
Duc , In logo ko straight baatein smjh me nai aati aisi thodi na samjh payenge #chai .. piyo
Carg bookg ? ?
rt pmoindia #uhf rt railminindia: #railbudget2015 speech of mr sureshpprabhu available at http://t.co/0vaz4ajbw0
Thik hai na
chavanni milti thi
Han launde
pictures of #overdoser 1st anniversary party at safe house #thonglor are online ! check it out ! http/URL http/URL
Raat ko aana padega usse
he's on the plane to amsterdam now , bet he's not in class tomorrow
Haan yeh hai .... pta nahi kuch padaya yaar
tune kya kiya ? ?
taiwan wins visa free travel to us: six taiwanese tourists arrived in new york on thursday as the first from the . . . http/URL
Bhai ko kisi ne kuch keh dia kia
Hmmm
Kahan h

Jodhpur aaoge jab milo ga...mai ab..kaha jaoge mujse bach ke..saadi gali tu ana hi padega
championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship . . . http/URL #mogganaut
sandhya slman bat nai karega
mai aaj bhi . . . . . . yahi krke aaya hu . . . . . . . . ghar se bike par full inner jacket . . . . . nd ground me pahuchte hi . . . . . . single t-shirt me :p :d
Juz in last 5 mints... 5000 comments and 10000 likes.. Itz juz awsum
Nmstey b adha adhura uhh
Kis time ka hai kal tumhara plan ..
pita ji dhan dhan satguru tera hi aasra.pita ji rahmat karna ji.#msgyouthicon.
every batsman getting out at 4 #indvsuae
Lag gai meri toh
bhai . . . shaan or amit g ki shakl dekhne layak hai . . . :)
Yaar le le woh ek mere liye
caught in a landslide: top 10 biggest wins in state assembly elections http://t.co/3dnat3wpq4 #aapsweep http://t.co/7kgshqfmty
?
I will land on 9th
come out and join us for the sia trek or treat , october 27th ! http/URL it's a fundraiser for the safe house !
Addd mee frnds
kaun nahi hai ye poocho ! !
played the song 'ain't no need to worry (album version)' by the winans on http/URL
farmers don't need subsidies, we need cheap food so we put restrictions on food export #landacquisitionbill
Han
if doesn't win in delhi, doesn't mean ppl lost faith. one shud understand, bjp didnt lose, it just didn't win #aapsweep
rt i didnt know there was a movie called shamitabh....really?is it a movie??
mai to bahar tha
pradeep tiwari tumhare liye special . . .
Acha g thk h
why is " happy valentines day " trending ? it's on the 14th of february not 12th of june smh . .
mujhe politics me koi khas interest nahi
you sure it was quo ? they were the first act on , queen weren't 2nd i'm sure of it
haan
Kyun ?
people say u won't go to the pro bowl because of the play of the bears cb's . how are you gonna prove them wrong on sunday ? !
i want tickets to the thursday game heat vs knicks (game 3) hmm . . .
delhi bedi ki
.. wel said ..... n d end u nly have to die ...... rest all cn gve ur advce nly .. . -P ......
Abhi situation thk h ?
Accha ..
Kya hua ?
Or tu ?
Log apna sapna Pura karne ke liye puri duniya ko bhi dokha de sakta h
Of 3idiots
Assalamu alaikum bhaijan
sajjan insan kabhi kisi ki hansi nhi udata
i saw katie price was at the haye / chisora fight-now she's going to be the olympic boxing training venue on saturday - sparring ! !
Han ek h
Codebase thoda padh lena
ek aayas admi tha nehru
Ap India me Lana chahte isko uhh
arey yo toh apna hi balak se
Sach ka samna .roza he ke nahi ye batao?
Mai toh subah 7 bje yaar
okk bhai jaan...:)
add me gril
for time passa
if any baltimore team mascots come up missing 1st person of interest should be billy cundiff ! or the redskins mascot is taken blame him !
enjoy the precious moments #msgincinemas
shaan ko dekh ke ek aise dost ki yaad aati school ka - jo bahut zyada khade ho ke cycle chalata tha . baith jaye toh uske kandhe pe hath rakho aur ghar tak pedal maarna na pade
milan-genoa: 22 rossoneri: milanello - 22 players have been called up for milan-genoa tomorrow at the san siro s . . . http/URL
Namaaz padk dua karte ho k nhi
kaha ho....aap salman
omg thisss match thooo #indvsuae #wontgiveitback #cwc15 #bleedblue holy god of cricket !
rohini romita . . . kahi sunni hui story hain na . . .
i'm everyday dressed up with my spartacus costume . so , if you miss this halloween , we may catch up anytime !
Kidar ho bhai
Aake batadungi
well , monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the 15th . time to go .
Aap shadi kab karoge yaar :(
Han thk h
Aur suna
fevi-quick ke sath sath sui dhaaga bhi de do unko

Han wahi h
jr smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol , nigga said 6th man of the year award is not what he's thinking about
bhai bande ne wickets bricks se tika rkhhe hai . . . . . hahahaha . . . . :d
oh , and for those still fellating harry redknapp , we went out in the 3rd round against stoke last season . remember that ?
Kya ho rha hai be
Hatts off 2 da confessor !! Ppl need 2 chng their mindset . . inculcating moral values in kids frm their early stage cn help a lot !
#duminy in the attack before #morne seems like #abd has a special liking for #history #indvssa #indvsa #cwc15
pakistan team must be complimenting themselves for performing better than south africans #indvssa
ahhhhhh mujhe milna hai tumse pls sona ek bar mil lete hai na mujhe tumhe aise apne samne dekhna hai tumse bat karna hai :-( :-( :-( :'(
hmmm
Yeh bta
acting nahi bas nautanki karwa lo is se .
video of the 1st points for anthony davis , lin , harden , rivers , drummond , harrison barnes &amp; jrich on their new teams http/URL
my photos up at photoplus and the olympus booth . come out and say hello ! ill be here till saturday . http/URL
perth listeners: nick is giving the talk 'food &amp; social justice' 3 . 30 tomorrow (friday) #green #animalrights http/URL
the choreographers' pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the fb page , twitter &amp; posted up in the murphy center tomorrow !
uae bekaar mein itni mehnat kar raha hai ... kisi #sheikh ko bol dete toh woh world cup khareed ke de deta #indvsuae
Han tu aur tera hmmm
Piyo ap bhaiyya
next thursday or friday they play maryland in new york for the first real game
a place in the sun . presenter: orange and lemon trees too person:that's our breakfast ! what the ? who has oranges and lemons for breakfast ?
hmmm kal muj bhi yahi feel hua tha
kiska
salam wah likhum bhaijaan
the daily zap: catch highlights from monday's action in the nba . http/URL
quiz tomorrow: plot elements in " the challenge " . . . our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook . #knighteng6
##$$## black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 digital camera - black - with olympus 12-50mm f/3 . 5-5 . 6 ez zoom lens - b . . . http/URL
all i can say is that it was very unrealistic . the 1st movie was better-storyline , dialogue ! and of course " the grey " thumbs up !
i'm thinking of an outfit like " nick the lounge singer " (bill murray) from the old old saturday night live . maybe a sherbet tux ?
kya kar rahe ho
Bolo sub hahahaa
Abe . . . kya kar rhe hain ? ?
Kha par hai be waise ? ?
Bhai. Shahid ki shaadi mein nai gaye. ? ??
Kattif
livication is playing next friday night at dipiazza's ! mark your calendars , and prepare for your newsfeed's to be blown up with info !

Han apko itnei door se agayi na
Project toh mujhe bhi nhi samajh aaya but kuch kuch likh Diya hun
Mera nai hoga ab
Tu bhi aaja naa mere saath
sallu yar 6 baj gaye..
Arree
Han jagrat
mjhe usk liye kuch bhejna h
Mil gya
top ten strikers who are on the premier league's january wishlist http/URL via
eid musalmaan ki hoti hai
nooooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! maybe you can just look over it right before the test tomorrow and do that first
Agr time mile to mujhse bhi bat kar kena...
the business leader's award ceremony will be held during the annual meeting in davos on the 25 january 2013 ! http/URL
bhai tu b kisi aur bandi ki taraf attract ho ja
Good morning bhai ??
seriously i think he may pull out his gat and shoot me ! i need to call upon castle greyskull for my powers #ihavethepower

SULTAN ALI KHAN SE
Bade dhayan se dekh rahe ho
1st official release on is out now ! #eott2 with rmx's from haze &amp; northern lights + instrumentals ! http/URL
main toh kaali hoon - itni gori kaise #shamitabh mein? #doliarmaanonki
Bhai kia karne arahe ho
Ka hui ?
Hiiiiiiiiii mam
all tied at 14 after 1st qtr , murray state with ball in red zone
esaa kyu bolte ho aap
Pls pls pls reply ones...
jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night " i was there . . . " ( " when ronald reagan . . . " / " at the 1st can show " ) http/URL
Dhyan rakh
ha use hi moti mt bol
Tanch = fit n fine
kya yar aap shaadi karlo na yar abhi to aapka jawani bhi khatam horahe hai
mt free tickets for talking about dial m for murdoch on 6th december are available http/URL
Mojh par ik ehsaan karna k moj par koe ehsman na karna
6gb
Bhaiyya b ye Hi soch raha hai
#indvsuae the most unwanted lunch break has been taken.
Or btaa ksi chl rhi pdhayi bhai
Lena
contra mario galaxy
saw this after the game saturday . former site of the now removed joe paterno statue at beaver stadium http/URL
Han..
Gym time
Aaj ja rha h ?
bahut bhagate the hame chalk aur stick(apni hi pitayi k liye :-p) aur hum bhi pura period ghum k hi aate the vapas:-p
[pagasa] 6:39am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros , cebu &amp; bohol may persist for the next . . .
to aa jaiyu chup chap
manik kinra, ceo, kin housing, pens down his opinion on #unionbudget2015 http://t.co/hw1i9xz3zf
Yes sab jhuth hai koi salman khan humlogo se baat nhi karne wale
hahahahaha . . . . ye haal hmaara science fair m hota tha . . . . . . ;)
Kya kar re hi?
many surveys showed that only the lower &amp; the middle class people will vote for this party... #aapsweep #delhidecides #arvindkejriwal
4 baj gaye lekin bhai aana abhi baaki hai ;)
tinday khatam ho gaye kya is baar :p
is she on the people's choice ballot ? i've only looked at castle categories . but may have to venture out . . .
off to st . john's to help coach the girls softball team ! iqaluit on wednesday #lastweekendhome
Divided by 4
kya karne wale ho kuch soche bhi ya koi phark nahi padta
any girl wana make me slave on skype ??? 19 m here gaurav . anand307 u dont need to show cam just ur voice .. i'll do anything u say n surprise u
how to dress well plays santos party house on october 8th with o f f love and warm ghost ! http/URL
astrology numerology now host z . starman talks about the upcoming mercury retrograde that begins november 6th - . . . http/URL
Lekin yehi hai
second last show of the season , 19th annual gift of art , with the artists of the #kanata civic #art #gallery . stop in ! http/URL
Passa
aap mere liye rkhe na naam2
Bs
#landacquisitionbill surprised to know abt facts of china's farmers suicide
Usse
anyone in year 12 or 13 that's gunna see the woman in black needs to give the money to mchale tomorrow ! spread the word please !
I was out of station, came back yesterday
Ahoyie ahoyie ..
rt a quantum jump in gross budgetary support for railways in 2015-16 http://t.co/vktpfs8i3c #railbudget2015
that kind of year in kc . rivers over 18 fantasy its for only 3rd time of the season . . . . for now .
Abhi gussa aata h baad m hm yaad Bhinhi aayegye ??
Tu ??
abp ka bachha hogya kya :
and the monstography bidding begins . . . silent auction closes tuesday 20th 8pm . who will be nz's next top mon http/URL
Kaise hai bhai aap achha rhiyega to hum v rhenge vRna aap jante hai
Meri kshamta bohot h ..
Hain
Why
Or gmail pswd
kuch ni
Are ajaunga di tension na lo
Bhai aao na fir
To pooch liya ??
boogie song of the day . . . oh ricky martin: que mas da happy sunday 2 everyone recovering from halloween party hangovers http/URL
Bhai namaskar ..
daily zap: april 3rd: daily zap: april 3rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton . . . http/URL
Sallu jaan , jumma mubarak
rahul gandhi, from a few moments ago. i think. #delhidecides #rahulgandhi #india http://t.co/jdha7kwest
Koi tension nhi h
kamaal karte ho
toi movie review of #pk is 4 stars...aamir_khan rajkumarhirani anushkasharma http://t.co/ospr7gujxi
Ye dole banane hain apko na
hell .. i dnt y ppl make assumptns ... thrgh dressing style ...
Kitna wait kervaoga
breaking news air conditioned coaches for suburban trains #railbudget2015
Parde
agar aaj bjp haar jati hai to ye arajakta ki jeet hogi aur delhi ki haar hogi...
if the deal between sabres/oilers is gagner and a 3rd for sekera and adam . i would think the deal would be done tomorrow , no reason to wait .
bhaii ab avi jao
Muje laga sab rc mil re h
austin rivers strugglin he like 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw da 4th

Sabko bacha kaho,sirf mere ilawa ok
Bas Kuch ni
Pata hai
city game at the ravens stadium saturday at noon 10 dollars to get in i will be there who else going ?
Tu kaisa hai sale ??
Uda rha h ?
garbage bin , waha pe petrol ki tanki hoti hai aur har baar sambhalke baithna padta hai aur brake lagte time bahut zooro se lagti hai :/
om namah shivay
Kya kar Rahe hi
here! an article published in 14 years ago. please you retarded politicos, read: http://t.co/b1ar4wy8jn #beefban
finished signing up for the sat and act
Acha ab mulliya b fb chalane lagi hai
his highness shri shri shri sir ravindra jadeja walked in. #indvspak

Mehenga hai kya.
Okkkk
se$hi
andre's wigan warning - #coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league , . . . http/URL
Tujhe link bheja hun dekhna
Aap ka bajrangi baijaan main aap ka naam kya hai
if holds the wwe title until the royal rumble , he will have held the title for 434 days . making him the 6th longest reign . . .
aur aap kaise he

mehgan james from bad girls club will be in the building friday to get an express pass go http/URL
rt .@chetan_bhagat is talking about #landacquisitionbill . i am joining nasa.
delhi mein nahi hun nahi to jarur aata
to kya .aise ladke shadi nahi karte kya
Trying to get it imported...
bulawa ho na ho ham yayege or entjar ke liye chale jaye ge
strange enough , i'm going to see noel gallagher in concert tomorrow night . #alldayb1tch
is this a confession ??? what are you doing admin ???

eastbound for the #arsenal game tomorrow
Un logo ne baat karo thi naa
a good supporter is who ask questions from its own party instead of other #mypmnamo #aapsweep #aapstorm
Chill
#whereisrahul ? he is conducting crash course for and on how to get into hiding after losing face #rahulonleave
shami bowls a dangerous bouncer to dhoni! #indvspak
Hilla dekh tu Kya
i want to go watch denzel's new movie tomorrow ! someone take meeeeeeeeeee .
i been watching " all-access kentucky " every wed and it has been making me like these young dudes on kentucky .
bjp takes donation from corporate to work for corporate .
abe ye kya ho raha hai
slam malikam salman
#257 A beautiful girl , who is my FB-friend since 2011 , liked my status today for the first time ever . I am very^infinity happy . ) )
Hahaha
Tu bta
kraaa lungi
Oh Han. Or kya kar ri hai
Main aap py qurban
4 baj gaye lekin party abhi baki hai
bichara sharmaji ka bahucharchit launda . . . :/ ,
Kya baat kiya be shashi
expect light-moderate rains over e . visayas; cebu , bohol , samar &amp; leyte have 30-70% chance of rains tonight ! expect fair weather tomorrow ! :)
Admin was waiting since morning for the clock to strike 12 so that he can post this msg ... P
all political conspiracy ..... / . . playin divide nd rule game ..... no 1 is quiet ...... P
Na abi swarka aya hu
Dabang kha ho
wid d raising number of farmer suicides in d country, what d govt. is trying 2 prove by introducing anti-farmer bills? #landacquisitionbill
any script abt " chungi " . . . a toy made out of cycle tube cut rings
#arvindannaback #landacquisitionbill arnab this protest is carried by communist, napm peoples
Han mobile ae
manjrekar ka bas chale to bas ye aur bol de ki rohit sharma ko kuch seekhna chahiye virat kohli se ki anushka ko kaise patana hai #indvspak
both .@imshikhard &amp; .@imvkohli going nicely with their genius #mrf bats. #indvspak #cwc15 #worldcup2015 #bkeedblue
rt #railbudget2015 mumbaikar suresh prabhu's gifts to city, maharashtra http://t.co/gvwyho0jsg http://t.co/t7dodony20
rt diwakarkothari_: suresh prabhu after presenting #railbudget2015 http://t.co/remfuckodp
Tu Gurgaon aa rha h?
Sir main mumbai ja raha hun....aapke ghar ke pas jarur jaubga
springsteen is here sat but if that's not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at http/URL
next sunday is penciled . the harveys meet the lawson-mckennas for a royal rumble .
anna ji aap bhi samajseva chour ke aap party me samil ho jaiye . . .
Jai sri ram nama namo
Salman bhai app batao ki india me ajubaa kya kya hai ek to Taj Mahal hai aur dusra kya hai mujhe app ka javab chaiye app kahte ho ki my sare coments padhta ho
rt ttes to help senior citizens, differently abled and pregnant women obtain lower berths #railbudget2015
Hi sallu baba
Soootenhi hu ??
police surgery fri for #penygraig residents at the boys&amp;girls club 9am 11am , pop along and meet your local officer http/URL #md
Ho
on november 3 and 4th the black is back coalition for social justice , peace and reparations is sponsoring a . . . http/URL
Pehle main milna chahti hu
bhai plz aa jao
Kab aaoge aap
dekhte hai bawa
bhaijaan kaha ho
are kya hua bologe bhi kha ho

i forgot plies gone be at the moon tomorrow
1st one = thunder cats , the skull with fire = ghost rider and i think the one below the skull is captain planet :)
modi ji ache din laane vale the aur unhi k bure din aa gae. #kiskidilli #aapsweep
Tu rajiiv chowk par phn le liyo usse
poland criticize the 18th amendment . the new frame has been opened . none of the topic was on that earlier . #uprlka
mujhe to itni thand lgti h ki mei kbhi aesa nhi krti thi . . :d
Bhai esa mat karo
tu kaisa hai ?
any guesses on two people who won't be in the vip enclosure at next year's republic day parade? one is obama.. the other is..#aapstorm
Abe Saale teri tatti ki aankhein h
arsenal ladies are 0-0 at ht with ffc turbine potsdam in their women's champions league last 16 1st leg clash at borehamwood . #wucl
Bhaijaan kaha he aap?
Mile jab the hum tum yaad hai yaa bhul gye
rt now he starts setting the tone #unionbudget2015 #makeinindiabudget
cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th . zaharion at the plate .
koi isko pani pilao re baba ... tharki insaan ..
Hmmm.
where is the match being played? sure not in home turf? amazing fans! (y) #cwc15 #indvssa
Han yaar
also mancs going on about it was there youth/2nd team last night ? thought they put out a decent side seeing they have afc on sat
Bolo naa kyaa karo salman ?
Bol rha tha ki hafte mein 2 din milenege
kha chale gaye bhai..
Hehe
a common man himself too . . . one of the most loved artist of our times . . . u ll b missed sir . . . rip
Kya kya
andre's wigan warning: wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league , but andre villas-boas is w . . . http/URL
wali qum Haslam....bhai ....! ramJaan Mubarak......! bajrangi bhaiJan....!
????
Okies
rt prime minister narendra modi on rail budget 2015-16 #railbudget2015 http://t.co/cobqiieqjq
Tumhare nahi , mere
Meri toh tabiyat down h
Hum vi bath korengi apke sath sallu bhai
iran army monitoring all ships in gulf: tehran , oct 28: a senior commander of the islamic revolution guard corps . . . http/URL
bas aapko milne ki khwaish hai Inshallah agar zindagi rahi to Allah wo bhi puri krdega Inshallah...
Arre yaar
the same citizens who had voted for modi in the parliament election, now voted out bjp. never forget the people and the promise #aapstorm
54) a bro is required to go out with his bros on st . paddys day and other bro holidays like halloween nye and desperation day feb 13th
haan wohi
Asse log jo iss tarah ki harkat karte h unka to paida hona hi desh k liye abisaap h .
kha ho tum bhaijan
they put the days we missing on the news: 2 days from christmas break , president's day , and we get out june 24 . -______-
the sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore . there has been a shift . astrology is a myth .
Abi uthi
ht: norwich 0-0 #spurs . we've edged the 1st half without creating any clear cut chances . bale's had a couple of decent long range efforts .

Bde log bhai bde log
To hmko drr lgta h ??
acha ge
rt #landacquisitionbill seems to be namo's biggest test yet. he loses if it is passed. he loses if it fails.
#msgyouthicon we agree to clean dirt
pls confirm #msgincinemas available on 23rd jan not tomorrow
yea gibbs to score the 4th for afc still
Areyy baat kaha krni h ye to btana tha
Nd hmri bhabi ka to btaoo,,, ksi h wo nd mre bhai ko jsda preshan to nhi krti na
Ladkiyaan nahi thi ??
abe koi toh batao akhir chal kya rha yahan
kya kre maa ka payar h pagle :p
Aa Gaye ?
kitna paisa kama lega bajrangi
Jada Ni hora kuch
Tha kyuki mein nahi tha
rahul gandhi wants his mother to emulate the role of her mother in law, indira, when sanjay gandhi was around, that's why #rahulonleave
Are kaise pata chalega ke online ho
Serial
Chahe mess ka ho ya bahar ka
so i thought yesterday was tuesday . i'm thinking today will be a little like the movie ground hog day .
hahaha bchpan m aisi notanky bdi ki hai
Jldi nhi milta kya khana
help meee salman khan
i may have done a dumb thing , but it's out there now . my new , long term goal: the challenge http/URL
Gaur se dekhiye is darinde ko ... yeh \ " kebri\ " pehnkar aap par hamla kar sakta hain -P -D
yeah your game against the ravens was a thursday night game . im sure you will pull for the giants these next 2 games
Are yar
four again...hahaha wtf..#indvsuae 50 up...52 to win
Han
ioc mulls armstrong bronze - sbs: the international olympic committee (ioc) on thursday said it had . . . http/URL #london2012
down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow ?
Bs yr
this like being in 2nd place at the superbowl . #mademyday
yaar papa waise aise hi hote hain . . . .
Keya sach me salman khan ho mujhe jawab dijiye
shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b #dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice
Abhi abhi pahunch gaya
Intzar....... ho gye mere salmaan.... sir ki aae na kuch khabr sir ji aapki........
Kab aayegi yeh eid...
Bhai jaan bolu naa.. yar
ma na ja ohir bhai ko post office behja ha ap ko kch snd karna k lia.magar pata nhe apka adress tak nhe pata ya pir kia waja ha
rt today #delhidecides! may the honest one win!
with mohd shami's mild knee injury, finally #bhuvi will come into action! #indvsuae
Mumbai meri jaan ..
i'm dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to ash
just got tickets to see muse in florida . that , combined with the grammys two weeks prior , equals a really busy february for ruby and myself .
bhai ko aksle wale kum
Jaana
see you on march 24th . from argentina to miami , no limits for #asot and
subah 7 baje se sab aa gaye hai . .
priyanka lao delhi bachao...lekin ab bachane ke liye bacha kya hai? - #aapsweep.
Salman bhai ab to ap shadi kr lain...
Salu bhai awo na.
Haan bhai ??
match started again...#indvsuae ...where are u. ...
Ye
Ajao bhai jaan kha par ho
teri puppy ke chakr mein 2 kam ho gye > o
Hi Di..
brook lopez with a double double in the 3rd #netsnation
the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time&lt;3
Tum gzb me ho
okhay
video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3 . added: fri oct 26 00:11:11 . . . http/URL
Sallu bhai so. gyee kyaaa
Kamal kardiya damal kardiya chaddi phad kr romal kardiya ....
anonymous' wikileaks like project tyler to launch in december: a hacker , who claims to be a member of the hackin . . . http/URL
who's going to israel this saturday ? !
bachpan yaad dila dete ho aap faisal bhai . .
Hmm
ghar me padhare gajanand ji ab Ghar me padhare..........
hai koi pani joh chadti hai whiskey ke bina... #shamitabh
Tu kya kar rha hai ??
Aajo ji ab
he bet me 5 bucks the lions would make the superbowl , and he also thinks the superbowl is on monday
Or suba
us secretary of state press availability on the london conference: london , united-kingdom , february 24 , 2012/afr . . . http/URL
Exact time 9.05 pn
#personally i watch #extratime on ss4 with mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire sa&lt;lol&gt; rt "
i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade . i dress up as avril lavigne ! i was obsessed with her back then
aap ye btaie ki aap lucknow kyu nhi ate hai
Are yar Maine late khaya tha na khana .. To dinner nahi karunga .. Pet bhara hai .. Lunch nai kiya tha na
Okayssd
arrey ! ! mai to comments padhne aya tha . ab tak koi comments nahi aye . lagta hai mai jaldi agya . :p chalo baad me aata hu .
Bajrangi Bhaijaan sbka bhai
Nai bhyya
just went pass d memory lane . . . :p
Mammi kha jayngi mujhe
now aussie must be worried that why they allowed india to settle down in their conditions by that 3 month long series #indvssa
let us wish him a long, long, very long leave. #rahulonleave
[info] taetiseo will perform on " love in asia " tomorrow (11/02) at 02:30pm (kst) , kbs will broadcast the concert on 13 november at 07:30pm

jimmy kimmel live - axl rose , part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose . added: thu oct 25 11:02:2 . . . http/URL
bay area heads ! i'll be on the piano at yoshi's san fran this sunday playing with the one n only dwight trible - http/URL
hum to taiyar hai
Aa gaya bhai
ryan reynolds may be back for a prequel or sequel to safe house , with or without denzel washington . script is in the works .
main to nhi jaunga vote krne kal jo ukhadna h ukhad lo !! p
4 baj gye hai lekin...Bhai abhi tak aaye nhi
Mujhe Kuch samajh nahi aaya
bhaiya aaplog relax karo
Nhi arah bhai
no trick or treat there then . james , may i very cheekily ask if you might record channel 4 , 11 . 10 pm for me tonight ?
Salman ek baar jawab to do yaar
Ma teyar houn jnb
Tujhe nhi karna ?
bc .. kya zamaana aa gaya hia ... humein to aise nazaare kabhi naseeb na huye
anonymous asked: just realized while watchin fri-end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is . . . http/URL
rt don't let anyone rent a space in your head, unless they are a good tenant. #msg3successfulweeks
Haaa
Kya ye abhiyan abhi bhi jaari h
Ashu Singh tumhari baat hamai samag nahi arahi
saw two bill boards with christmas on them and cvs had candy for christmas , 22 more days til black friday
Hor sunawa
favicol tho bhul gaye sir ji
#266 I was thinking of joining the admins at IIT Confessions and actually helping out . Then I realized , who am I kidding ? It's so much more fun laying back and reading someone else's hard work .
great piece on joe cole's demise in tomorrow's independent by cole was the first england player who was younger than me
ye sabse aage kaun khada h chotu
7pts 4 assts for harden in the 1st quarter . . . him and lin gon play aight together
rt what is your opinion of the #landacquisitionbill ? http://t.co/zzp3byd5mf
ye sarkari school hai bhai isme iae hi hota hai kam
Kyu aisa kya salman bhai
n vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . : trainer wil . . . http/URL
it's 4'o clock
guys #msgthefilm is open for rating on please rate it here http://t.co/6hgr1jxz7d #welovemsg #msgincinemas #isupportmsg
wifi ni h
go to the bell game tomorrow i'll take you for . a littlle whippa
Aisslam wa allaiquem bhaijaan
Ap puja se puch kena
we had policies which keeps activists types happy for 60 years now, now india needs change and speed. #landacquisitionbill
Bhai jaan kha ho Salman khan
knowing the political consequences of #landacquisitionbill ,the govt. led by is committed to pass it !
Lagta hai jaise jamana beet gaya par 3:30 nai hone wale aaj !!!
best of luck team india for 3rd consecutive victory in #wc15, go get it #indvsuae
sharma ji ka launda and l power . . . . . . . .
i m going to check out the no of holidays in 2015 and hope this year no festival will be on sunday
anyone wanna tell me why us trending says bon jovi performed at the grammys . aren't they in feb ?
?

Lakh zuban lakh baate
Mubarak ho aapko khushiyo bhari holi
and tomorrow swindon town have a date with aston villa . villa- fans nervous ? #stfc
Nai karunga di..
Pooja?
Kya Salman bhai...mene job se 6uti lekar aaya apse baat krne ko ab aap 4 baje milege..
Bhai jaan . aa bhi jao ..
ur storty hurts me nd pls d'nt ever thnk 4 sucide
thanks
Mtlb tu kh ra h ki tiu mre se bada Jordan h
ab chalo yar sone...aaj #juma h bhailog ....namaz padhni h
Han wo hi
Bhai jaan kab aao gee
Han ye baat to sahi hai ekdum
if you are attending the sustainable brands london conference in november please let us know ! http/URL #sblondon #linkedin
ah okay was hoping to see you out friday ! next time i'm staying at harry's we should meet up in kingston ! xx
Pata na yar
aaj tak samjh nahi aaya aur pura bachpan nikal gaya har kisi ki drawing dekh kar ki yeh pedh(tree) hut k pichey he kyun hota hai . . ? ? ?
community , cougar town , friday night lights , glee , mad men , modern family , six feets under , skins , terra nova o the wire ? ? ?
http/URL price: i'd take vitali fight: david price says he would fight vitali k . . . http/URL click-1st-link ! 2win
kya ho rha h
Try kruga
just like d classic eg: of half filled or empty glass :) or #shamitabh.when happy,they enjoyed success,failure infilled sadness

Okay sir
november 4th at constitution hall &amp; idk i guess she's out lolol http/URL
I didn't know he was a scrabble player . Learnt bridge from him though . I don't agree with him about not brushing p
Yo
Plz salman bhai ke bare mein ye galt baate mt likho unhone aapka kya bigara h
Akshay ,kahan ho. Lagta hai kho gai
howard u wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over morgan state . bison now 5-2; 4-1 meac
hey ! are you going to noel fielding with us on friday ?
Salman tu reply q nhi kar raha please please
remember last new years and i sat there for 2 hours watching kasabian live at the o2
sallu mia bhul gye sab kuch yaad nhi unhe ab kuch
Kaahe ?
Bhai aa bhi jao ab time ho gya
sab muslim bahi se gujaris h ki duwa karo ki yes ramjaan me yeto h aagle sal ramjaan me ni ho
movie me banaunga is story pr . . koi invstor hai toh bolo ? ? ?
main delhi hoon. main hindustan ka dil hoon. ab dil par kabza ho gya hai.
Khare ka bhi haal pta chala
Han
our founder (@someUSER will be speaking at social media week (#smwldn) on friday . read about it: http/URL
#broncos peyton manning named afc offensive player of the month . it's his 5th such honor , second to tom brady's 6 , tied w/ td .
per salman g hm aap video chat pe dekhpaenge to aege werna nai her unjan k sath hm chat nahi kersekte
harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today . however , qpr may have begun courting him already . . .
jitna likh ke tune hume pakaya hai na kaash itna apne bande ke saamne gidgidaayi hoti to wo tujhe ab tak taajmahal ki photo gift kar chuka hota
Abhi utha
#blockbustermsg true.when i had opened my account on twitter, i was used to check papaji tweet in each hour
dhawan is now in attack mode. that drop catch by amla. parnells rythem affected. sa need wkts. #indvssa #proteafire
yaha to black bhi chalega par koi ho to sahi
Woh shaam mein wapas jayega
Tune se$hi baat na ki thi ?
next year t20 will be time to decide about 2019 or not :( ~ ms dhoni
Pura
Hiiii me aap ki sab se bati Fan hoooooo..... ????????
Psychedelic trance ??
bhai aapko bajrang bali ki kasam aa jao
Mujhe jaldi nikalna padega waha se$hi
waiting for the pk movie...
india need 42 runs to win.. seems a lot easy now #myteammypride #indvsuae #cwc2015
Jitni daulat ye neta log vides ghumne me kharch kar dete agar wo garibo me bat de to kitno ka pet bhar jayega
sat next to a black guy on a train , when niggas in paris came on . . . had to turn it up !
#kiskidilli, kya ye nayi sarkar jo ayegi wo prem nagar k doobe makano ubaregi jaise isne delhi ko modi myth se ubara hai
Yemain hihun yar
dhawns wicket has fallen. india 29-1 after 6.3 #indvsuae
Khatu dhyan??
kya bhai kab aarhe ho
Hmm
Bhai Goli de rahe ho chotey bhai ko
Matlab
Silwane padte hai
??
ye aajadi wali to iske liye chhod do .
i was there for an exchange semester in 2011 -) . i m from germany -) i studied at IDC for half a year -)
i'm working overtime to elect mitt . 50 radio appearances down the homestretch . on huckabee national radio on friday .
we have a game friday at the knicks then back home in miami on saturday against the nuggets #teamheat #heatnation
somehow i managed to " lose " my princess leia bra on saturday . i'm going to noel gallagher as " glock at phish " ie jorts&amp;tank .
imaaa make moves tomorrow !
not a tally one expected but pretty decent. india 307-7 overs: 50. #indvssa #cwc15
bye bye bye
Baba ham to lagta he bs intzar ki krte reh jayenge
thursday morning freestyles . im the rap game white larry bird
Are Kuch hai unko prblm..
watch out..the bucks are flowing in #unionbudget2015 #india http://t.co/okgaepwszc
Mera to dkhne ka man Hi Ni Kara chahta to dekh sakta tha naon
waiting for your selfie whichbu just took at mcg #indvssa #worldcup2015
ahah he's a year older then me , the cool thin is that he's born on australia day and i'm born on the 4th of july i think
Nhi yaar
#livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the me . . . http/URL #livewireathletics
stop eating plants as well. they are living beings too. #beefban
centre suffering from 'policy paralysis' , alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme . . . http/URL
should i have an engagement party ? any who . . san francisco this weekend then . . . i officially move to colorado on the 13th .
Arthaat !
bhai dhakka na den
nautanki
Ek baat btao
only 25k to go before garbage bin hits 1 , 000 , 000 likes . lets do it .
Dont be so sure . For all you know , his webcam may be on and you may be famous on youtube already !
person representing kisan sangh said people spreading lies abt #modi #landacquisitionbill after knowing d facts from
at a live basketball fantasy draft . . . sort of . i got the 7th pick . got melo , monta ellis , iguodala and ibaka so far
we couldn't make it to jan though edd is 4 jan ! i'm a feb kid &amp; if it coincides with the cny , i only get 1 ang bao ! bah !
#businessnews p&amp;g shifts top executives to singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble (p&amp;g) said friday it . . . http/URL
congratulations delhi for chosing as ur valentine cm #aapstorm sweeps #feb10witharnab
Next year
now gotta wait for friday for the knicks first game #3seed
yhi rh liyu kaaam b kr liyu
O Ho bhai kal kaise niklega
i'm back in rugby on a sat but if i do play it will have to be before 10 like !
Bhai don't worry
bhai tu b kisi aur bandi ki taraf attract ho ja
Khan khya bhi
can you tell evelyn's bum mass i'm not gonna be at the bus stop tomorrow ? ! ? ! ?
dollar gains on euro amid greek woes: new york - the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised g . . . http/URL
for sure . tough lovers are playig dickens on the 8th if you'd like to join me .
score is 1 - 1 . now . BTW the kid never forgot the riding lessons . He still proudly claims to have learnt riding on a new CBZ .. 13 yrs ago .
raat k 12 bje b kr lenge ...ap aao to sahi
so today's front page got muted mid-sentence? #rahulonleave "insider's say he's..." http://t.co/h7yuzcquos
Akshay, kaise ho.
instead of banning beef fully allow them to be sold in separate rooms in supermarkets similar to the manner pork is sold in uae. #beefban
Mrng
why exactly should a non-striker watch the bowler when he is releasing the ball dean jones? please explain. #indvsuae #cwc15
Yahan behisab garmi hai yaar ??
#41 I'm still a virgin , and there are so many babes in mumbai here everytime I go outside campus its driving me crazy !
Ruk
what do you expect thursday ? are you going to pull out that mikey magic on duels day again ? #hopeso
Good
sbko maarkhane se bcha keta tha . . . wo alag baat hai ki agli class m sirf mai pitta tha :) :)
ekdum lapak lia bhai. ap de or hum na le.
Uske liye b koi to ladka hoga na
4 bhj gye lekin salman bhai kider hai
may of witnessed a girl punch a guy in the face last night and tackled him to the ground at davos
jor se bolo.. msg.. saare bolo.. msg.. awaaz ni aayi.. msg.. #blockbustermsg
se$hi le liyo
Abe tere paas bhi khabar aagyii
tum shuruwat karo pahale ham tumhare sath h samar
abhi ni malum bt kya pooja ko invite kr diya h tu mt aaiyu
Kar lo bhai sadi acha moka h
after the mid tennessee vs . western kentucky game , i hear they're gonna play the 2nd annual ogalla , nebraska snail chuckin' pageant .
okkk
aap ne roja rakha hai ??
in a parallel universe
winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00pm tuesday . http/URL
if he's in the house , does pmsh usually answer elizabeth may if she gets a q ?
o ok they got me off today wed &amp;friday but ima talk to zachary to see if i can work split shifts the rest of the week
Hoga toh woh karrnge
nov 1 , las vegas massage gift certificates - las vegas massage gift certificates for the best massage anywhere in s . . . http/URL
Kub

there were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation , + n . o . has lots of 'canes , and may have been complacent
aisa kaise ho sakta h .... maine jo confession kiya tha wahi post kar dete
sach to sach hai .
Itna sub use smjata to ise yha likhne ki jrurt hi ni pdti or ni smja skta na to 2 peg p or so ja
Bhaijan kese ho
Acha .. Thik hoy . suna Maine ki tu so gaya tha ..
Mein smja nahi
hmmmm
these are 3 new avril lavigne songs from the 5th album: 1 . hush hush: songwriter/composer: david hodges , chad kroeger &amp; avril lavigne .
kya aap party gomata ki rksha kregi
You must be thankful to God that she didn't brotherzoned you .
acha acha
mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w/ siue on november 10th because of football . #siuenation http/URL
Kahan gayab ho gaye????
Me
aaj kitne lakh ka suit pehen ke aya
Sexo launde
aur aap vo h jo is bar khane ke liye muh laplapa rhe h . .
Dekhna padega
garbage bin yaar ab to shaan ke ghar bhejo guddu ko . . .
Fever
real ones are avail about a month or so b4 mardi gras (day b4 ash wed)
yeah i'm not to sure about klass -jan think he'll be an andy carroll type striker -bang em in or flop
Abhi dwarka mein h ?
Ha rakh le
nta viewers 7:00am on other tues 10 , 000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50 , 000000
#unionbudget2015 #superbudget when hon.speaker announced holiday on acc. of holi, i felt my teacher in school.
acha acha chalo theek hai
in paiso ke badle guddu ko bhaut kaam karne padenge ab ghar me =d ;) :p
dil behlane ke liye ye khyal bhi accha hai . . .
#aapstorm this election reminds me of 300 dialogue. 'immortals? we put their name to the test'
when questioned about decisions made by the govt makes excuses instead of giving answers. #landacquisitionbill #fail
Shivani
Koi nhi
brit award winning pop-star mika is set to return with his brand new album the origin of love , released on island records on september 16 .
the regular-season opener thursday between the brooklyn nets and the new york knicks , wh . . . http/URL :: http/URL
chachi ko kya hua
ideal home show at christmas - earls court 14-18 november , has partnered with itv to bring dancing on ice to life at the exhibition .
Watch with your spouse at your risk!
kya hua bhAi
what teams do you think may get transferred/moved in the future ? i can only see the sacramento kings , phoenix . . . http/URL
the boys will do promo in sweden today (november 2nd) and they will perform on sweden xf tonight , live stream here http/URL
zulu is the 26th largest mother tongue of christians (10 . 4 million) , representing 0 . 5% of all christians .
and tomorrow is the day that david guetta will come to play at fort canning .
who's appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march ? that is , other than george strait ? . . . http/URL
Isne samose k sath hari chatni khayi thi , Nirmal Baba ki kripa hai ispar ! P
aise neak kam karne se shayad hi unke dilo mai hamare desh ke liye pyaar bade
i've watched the benji 30 for 30 before and this 2nd time hurt . kinda hits home . thinkin bout the homie darrell . #ripdt
Are
#aapstorm did arnab congratulate any party before? he use to say all these days he won't accept appreciation from parties nor appreciate
chalk to ek dusre ko maarne m khatam ho jati thi .
apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco (reuters) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of its s . . .
im Rohit vasfoda
Kya hua teko Abe Hindi hai Apratim = ati sundat Sundar
i can listen crackers sounds.. out side the courtyard.. #indvssa #indiavssouthafrica
i know
I think he just wants to discharge some sort of bodily fluid in your presence ... And tear-ducts seem to be culturally-permissible in your opinion . . IMHO That's what it boils down to !
Nhi baat karni to boldete
are you available to play sunday in the president's day game ?
you sucking cow's blood drinking as milk is not offence ? #beefban
tu pakka usse puchti rhti hogi k use tjme ka pasand h ya tu kasi lag ri h -P
rockets today with new team of asik , jeremy lin , and james harden ! ! ! ! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party
In that case you could start using the signature for your every comment , like I would like to know if it was the dolt who replied P
would you like to see cornerback champ bailey play in his twelfth pro bowl this january ? 2013 pro bowl voting . . . http/URL
Aake dekhengr
cold pizza and mass effect 3 . i want my leg healed ! ! going to look up some voodoo shit . i'll be walking , jumping and running tomorrow .
#aapstorm. #feb10witharnab now bjp is complaining about behind the auto campaigns.
music picks: r . kelly , leonard cohen , cat power: fri 11/2 grace potter &amp; the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should . . . http/URL
time for russia to win big match - capello: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to re . . . http/URL
#rahulonleave can somebody tell how much time he needs for introspection.. come on be street smart and face the ground realities...
its funny how impatient everybody is . just cheking out each and every increment in the rupee . this nation is not even a 100 yrs old yet . and everybodys flyin in the air . the height of egotism .
abe shyamlal .. rashanwale tuje DU mei admsn kse mila ... be ...
Sefp ?
Bhai Asr ki namaz baad aayenge kya ???
rt #msgincinemas wowww duniya bhar de lok malka msg de diwane..lov u piti aasi v ja rhe aa g kl nu chadigarh.
Kaisa hai ??
wilfred kiboro joins family bank as chairman , a day after he quit standard chartered bank . he takes over from founder titus muya on jan 1
rt #uhf rt railminindia: putting the final touches to #railbudget2015 : mr sureshpprabhu.! http://t.co/4myyknr5sq
Aya kaha ?
hell is waiting for the defaulters . . . . . sex before marriage ! awwwww ! these guys will never confess here his breakup and cheating in future . . . ! good . . . . . .
#sgs fury on brink of beating haye to vitali: tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december 1 , with the wi . . . http/URL
join phil on november 8 at the better software east conference in orlando where he'll be speaking on how to . . . http/URL
Oh bete ! Tumhari toh bohot buri tarha phati . p
besides the game 1 2nd quarter knicks vs heat game . . . this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro . smh
Ka huyi ?
Wahan kya ?
Uriya me hi likh deta .. smjh to wo bhi nhi ana tha or ye bhi nhi aya
Aap kab aarahe ho
Ab bol rahe hai
[ Admin Note ] In a plane on the way to Bombay after a few years ! I'm gonna be walking around aimlessly sometime in the next couple of days ;)
Bht bht taklifda kam ha
% of joe pa masks at penn state sat ? or will psu by allow then in the stadium ? is it bad to wear it ?
bhavuk kar diya
it's not about what you say in your manifesto . . it's about stay in power after 49 days . . . .
drum stream scheduled for tomorrow postponed til next saturday on the 3rd of november . until then , a diablo iii stream ! http/URL
oh is it .... then try to get a job of watch man even in THAT LOCAL HOSPITAL ....... they will not let u in even FOR ANALYZING SHIT ... 3 )
Ab batao kaise ho?
Kya mujhse
yes and india has taken their 3rd wicket #indvsuae #bleedblue
Ashok.
Mutlub balbachche
cupid and psyche isn't an original greek myth . it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the 1st fairy tale .
most of the senior leaders including , kamal nath, chidambaram, amarinder, ms aiyer want rahul to take charge! #rahulonleave
i hope the #beefban is taken as lightly as the rule on underage drinking in india. #randomthoughts
kaisa majak udaya bata na jhute ko jhuta kahna majak h
beta kisi aur ki entry hone de sab pata chal jaega . . . :p
beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder . . . . depends on you whom do you see as beautiful . . . . . can't generalize the fact above though
wonder if chris christie can cancel valentine's day and move it to april . . flowers are cheaper !
suru kar do yaar
bhai kha ho?
gareebguy: mere paas tv nahi hai par bacche bohat hain. woh maalik ke ghar se dekh ke aake mere saamne same khel ke dikhaate hain. #indvssa
Hanji paji tiaar aa jooba
Hahaha
Jinko mara ja raha ha waha wo bhe pakistani ha :p
mouka pe mara chouka diwali aa gai hai.#mouka #mouka #mouka #indvssa
Thts y
aisa admi ke lia desh thik thak hai
Salman bas mjhe aapse ek ques poochna h bas or kuch
salman aap to hmare jaise ho eek baar kuch bolo
delmar johnson will interview about new release of book ! boci talk radio 10am cst on october 31st . listen , . . . http/URL
okkk
Kya baat h bhai
google+ hangout with : october 27th ! 2pm pacific / 5pm eastern via #askllcoolj #llcooljhangout http/URL #kpoptv #2pm
ufc on fuel tv 5 preliminary card preview: this saturday , the ufc once again comes to fuel tv . coming . . . http/URL #ufc #mma
aaj pata chala ki melody itni chocolaty kyun hai . . :p
Max speed?
Mil gya
raymond's been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow's homemade cake . soups will . . . http/URL
i've also done this . . . . :d
every sec. 300 ppl cmnt
today: sefton v home 12noon - including president's day; 2nd xi v away 12 . 45pm . let's hope the forecast's wrong !
Kamal karte ho bajrangi bhaiya itna intzar ;-)
In mandawa
Pahunch Gaye ?
nobody triedd to hide anything. but the rti was spot on #rahulonleave
All secular people should see now the whole story how it all started
Neha sapne aCHCHE H MAGR YAD RAHE SAPNE SUCH NI HOTEY
Tu ni gya ??
#blockbustermsg nonu paa ji sewa smrn khub parmarth kre is kabil bnae rkhna tere darsh didar andr bahr kr jae tumhe pa jae
Han ye bhi hai
tum milna chahte hi nahi kya mujhse
mange dilli dil se , kejriwal fir se
this guy isn't really that old , back when I left IIT there were only 6 of them )
hayyyuy can you bring my nirvana shirt tomorrow ? &lt;3
tujhe udane k liye
why wait for the videos when you can come see duels official live tomorrow ? i may have vodka on my person too ! ha
music of the sun , a girl like me , good girl gone bad , rated r , loud , talk that talk and finally _________ ?
Acha acha
bhai bhauiiiiiii khaaa hooio
Kaiko
Naira is approx 45 against dollar.
kl aapne waisa qq kiya
Raste me
Wohi ke kya karna bai
kaha gye bhaijaan???
" i did , the other new is in today , northern lights . . . . . . " i get payed tomorrow !
Abe lekin woh bhi toh lekar aa sakta hai naa
Leg
dublin this saturday . . . gotta get on the guinness ! !
Kiskoo
Aap ka bhi insaf honga. yaha nahi to waha honga. . inshallha
how did you know that i used to do exactly the same in my home town during winters . ! :) nostalgia ki goli ! !
acha acha
so the penguin/random house merger is to go ahead ? better than it falling into murdoch's clutches . (a mistake for tuc to sell sun 41 yr ago)
Then indeed with hardship comes ease. Indeed with hardship comes ease! ~Quran 94:5-6
To yaar party dede , bht din se koi party b ni mili ......
haan . . . wohi soch rha hoon ab
salam vai jan
what is fiscal deficit? http://t.co/ab5vagm6ok #fiscaldeficit #unionbudget2015
omg ! ! ! ramin and sierra performing phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday itv at 10 . 30pm ! ! ! ! :d
aap may keep out 3 former ministers from new cabinet - economic times: http://t.co/hppeldgfrd #aapsweep -retweet please
isiliye ab kejriwal ke samarthan me aa gaye .
Han bas woi
Beta balam Hi lag ra hai Nah re
Han main hi Hun re
could be one of the greatest nights of my life carmelo anthony winked &amp; acknowledged me twice and sat 2 rows back at the knicks game ! #ca7
Sallu 4 Baj gaye hai aja o na
Hi bhai ??
bas itna hi . .
Hmm
Kundu 1.5 cr
bhaijan eid mubarak
sir don't want to disappoint uae fans so give them a six. #cwc15 #indvsuae
Abhi tak
Nhi Gaya ?
we daily go staff room to check that how many teachers are absent today ? ? ? ? ?
HAT BC ye PanOooti mt mara kr re ab dubara mjhe dawai le na pdega
sapna so
Kaisa h
catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at 15h30 on saturday live on ss4 #ssfootball
observers from un , eu , cw , send to coni , according to this observers what the maldivian have seen live and on tvs on 7 feb are day dream ,
bas ab ek hi baat h kolkata jldi ana plz
Chalo.kuch nii bhai koi kaam me fas gye honge aap
meanwhile, mayawati's bahujan samaj party also scored a zero #delhidecides #rip
Rahul Gandhi Campaning In Gujrat Elections is Like Rajpal Yadav Trying To Win Over Angelina Jolie From Brad Pitt ....
#tamilnadu bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the . . . http/URL
Ab pee li kya aaj
Y kiski pic h? ?
Are bhai ese na keh...
hamay tu muqa bh nahi mila
haan chal lenge
dude exactly same here ... after 3 years we broke up coz it was affecting my career her caeer and not able to enjoy also ..
teaching , then rehearsing . show with the gnr tribute band this friday in cranston , ri at mardis gras !
puri delhi kare pukar.. purna bahumat se banegi baat@narendramodi_o
think pavilion parade started #indvssa #wewontgiveitback
Apko Ni puja ko moti bola
Yahi to sab log chahte hain ki hum lade aur tum log vohi kr rhe ho
so discuss on poaching,experiment,illegal consumption of exotic animals/captivity why #beefban hw does tht help?
realizing tomorrow is friday&gt;&gt;&gt; then realizing you have bellamy first thing in the morning&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
4 bj gye bhai.... aa jao ab
Bhai me samjha samjha ke thak gya tha logo ko
i'm simple and ordinary aadami who need's only stability
or btaaa
Kitna tym aurrrrr ji
t . v . off guddu: mummy . . . . . khane me kya hai .
I knw dear .... and i m agree with u ... first they take entrance exam ... and after that they give results like its a joke ... they hve no ryt to do it ...
aap apne mp&mla so bolo kbhi kuch kam b kr liya kro
super deal:nokia lumia 1320 (44%off)offer ltd http://t.co/7d39mj9bct #whereisrahul #rssquestionsteresa #landacquisitionbill #arvindannaback
oh , i got ham . and i ate reggie's ham . and i ate brian's ham . tomorrow i'm getting more bc my dad said he's going to the store !
athens (reuters) - greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break . . . http/URL
Kitne din mein ho jayega
we still got the likes of rooney , rvp , ferdy , valencia , scholes , young , evra and carrick fresh ready for you gunners on saturday . bring it .
Kiski shadi h bhaiyya?
Pata na
to play temple run , to watch himym season 8 , orrrrr . . . to sleep in readiness for tomorrow's morning interview - decisions are hard to make ! :(
well people seem to forget cow is sacred when it roams stray on the streets eating dirt , #beefban #thcitizenconnect
i'm going to babaman at vidia in cesena , italy - dec 22 http/URL
#msgincinemas #lovetoseemsg13feb ye chnd sa roshan chehra julfo ka rang sunhra ye jhil c gehri ankhe koi raz h inme ghra tarif kru kya oski.
?
#93 I kissed my gf under Eiffel tower , something great to remember for rest of my life . We both are from IITB .
shaan ka sweater kaha hai . . ! :p
Jb chunane ka aadhikr janta ko h to,jb unhe lage ke galat aadmi chuna gaya h to,5yr kyo sahe uske tanasahi,reject kre usa,isse neta janta k pirti jyda jimmadare honge.
ready for the long drive to the boro tomorrow ! if you are a past or present gsu student , you better be at paulson on sat ! #beatappstate #gsu
Kya hua baalak?
pk movie review: movie that you cannot ignore http://t.co/oxxqeqm4pb http://t.co/s87l3n0haq
Yehi bola ki dono zaroori hai
Han so Gaya tha
guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer ?
Bhai ...4 <= baj gaye h ?Kaha ho aap
yaar tu meri class me to nai tha . .
Ye sahi rahega
ak - 1 hidden issue which is open secret . . will runaway if any of the issue not delivered (rite now does not have timeframe) & blame on somebody to become yugpurush of the galaxy . . .
takes the catch as gets wicket of his carrom ball..2nd wicket of the match. patil departs 41-4 #indvsuae
subah kaafi logon ne duaein ki theen...qubool wahi huein jinme sachchi koshish aur mehnat thi... :) #indvspak #pakvsind
#landacquisitionbill, what about billions of $ land which has been grabbed byland mafia of poor farmers
aston villa line up january bid for danish midfielder: aston villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of . . . http/URL
8th day b.o.c prediction http://t.co/1unyjr2xqx #pk #aamirkhan #anushkasharma #rajkumarhirani http://t.co/vfntoqgrxh
Bhaijan apke sath dekhni hai filmBajrangi bhaijann
Plz rply sir
Matlab...?
I want it i want it i want itttttttttt ???
[abs-cbn news] aquino on enrile's memoirs: may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people
selling the fine-print without the main sale #landacquisitionbill
haan
Abhi ghar srg
we're playing with jim white on tuesday ! static on the radio por favor ? http/URL via #dcshows
haan. . Padha tha maine
Ashu Singh tu kya janta hai
game khel gya guddu
we changed seats in dental lol , you're in ash's old seat and the chapter is due tomorrow
at&amp;t offers free cloud storage for ios and android at&amp;t on thursday announced a new service it calls at&amp;t locker th . . . http/URL
bhaijaan kha ho
Salman aaja ghar mere eid par
#unionbudget2015 all over nation in cities &amp; in all town hifi or good or standard playground
any congi has already said that this is upa budget modified? #railbudget2015
Mere bhi
Ek aur bana na

ab aya uot pahad kye nechye. ab dekhado aap ka dam . #aapsweep
jason wu - lace , bandeau tops , harnesses and the debut of his 4th bag line , the carolyn #jasonwu #nyfw
try this mobile application for doctors with 100% privacy of data https://t.co/abravrrkwh #blockbustermsg #mhealth #emr #ehr #digitalhealth
Kya bhaiyya
Sone ja rha h ?
tennessee tech's steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 6:47 pm et http/URL
#msg3successfulweeks http://t.co/nt55x2vxey sry to.say but have u seen.sting operation
to aa ja
the pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the mpac fb page , twitter &amp; posted up in the murphy center tomorrow !
i'm far too stressed about finishing this essay for tomorrow , so i shall minimise it and play temple run . #problemsolved
kaun si madam hai ! ! naam batao ! !
hpromos.com || Christmas Bonanza. Get Rs 78 mobile recharge for free. Visit above link to get a free recharge.
Han
wicket maiden! shammi &lt;3 #indvssa
delhi results proved that no matter which wave it is, the effects are going to be sinusoidal. #delhidecides #delhiresults
Nahi abhi kaha
integrated portal for railway customers to access multiple options: rail minister #railbudget2015
????

there are now only eight tickets left for 's november 5th show at the leicester square theatre . . get in quick folks ! ! !
Whi na
dhoni bap banne vala h kya
one and only thing cleanliness.#railbudget2015
friday flight jfk to lax am . is it still on ? will we get home ?
riri's new album is dropping november 19th . freaking machine . . . literally a year and a day since talk that talk . .
kalispell mail processing center to close by march: kalispell -- the u . s . postal service has announced it will c . . . http/URL
U too ignore hr n shw ur int wid ne odr gal ..... if she luvs u dn surely sh'l b bck to u ... n if she dun den juz move on ......
battle for the 17th banner: royal rumble basketball edition
??
Salman khan kaha ho?
Han wahi kar
if this is the end for i once again have to commend for his emotional gary carter memorial show in february
kamina salman yehi bolna chare ho na maqsood bhai
modi ji bangladash sa sab hendu ko india ma la chaleya plz eha musalman hendu ka vume dakal karlata ha or ve bahot aneti karta ha
bury girls day out to the brook ! ! every thursday ! standard !
salman bhai shadi kab karoge?
first , *rondo . 2nd , you know who's higher ? darko millicic , lebron james , carmelo anthony , etc .
Mujhe to samjh bhi nahi a raha ??
if ppl have liberty to eat a meat they like thn y not they have freedom to eat human meat #beefban
Ur fav footballer ?
sirr..khan ho...goli toh ni de re??
tomorrow channel 4 is 30 years old . presenting the channel 4 #spotify playlist . what do you remember ? http/URL #channel4
rt #hugachicken because they feel left out. inspired by #beefban
Aur bta . . kya karna hai kal
we put a 2nd team out and get beat and you go #rafa . . . behave ben ! ! you sound like a wool calling for rafa
#61 I hate people that fake who they are just to get with you , and you don't find out about it until you're in way to deep . Considering this , i'm breaking up with my boyfriend .
itd 4:03
hi khadus kya ho rha hai kha ho
nfl news: new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season http/URL #football #nfl #nfceast
yea i say , mid january for a new single . right in time for the superbowl&amp; video at the end of january leading into superbowl
big spending plans in the #railbudget2015, but execution will be the key http://t.co/70yb7kv3xa
Pm
yes a #railbudget2015 because they have intention and vision both.
Theek thak
MacBook Air pro.
kya hal chal
jeremy lin may have a lil chinese wiener , but he still gets #hard4harden
Chal lele phir wahi
alg che
aisa hee huaa thaa last match me . . kamar toot gayee aadhe sofe par latke hue lekin himmat thee ko koi hilaa ho . .
dublin's street pub come join us for open mic . thursday , as the party continues here at dublin " s street pub . $ (cont) http/URL
paul-and5homos: harry and louis are just fri- eleanor is such an inspira- harry is such a manwho- louis is . . . http/URL
Kahan h
Kaisa chal rha clg
bhaijan kaise ho??!?
miami going into msg tomorrow night and gonna embarrass the knicks
crazy how sports economics have changed . larry bird's rookie deal was 5 yrs , $3 . 25 m total . 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 m this yr .
Khana ?
westbound into the u . s . - ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks no delay -cars no delay
Yahi hai abhi to
hamare sallu bhai h
Net raha to jarur btaunga
Bhai aap bimar ho kya????bolti bandh kyu haii??
Hmmm
Par jse hrami ka dhyan aya to soch wo kisi ko sone kse de sakta h
Mai lab ja rha hun .. Bhejta hun
Accha
while leaving 4th block i saw joe in class , i yelled " joe " &amp; he came out and just looked at me . i interrupted him talking 2 a teacher whoops
don't be surprised if we end up waiting until november 16th to find out who the next potus is . . . #ohioprovisionalballot http/URL
the anaheim ducks are interested in sam gagner of the edmonton oilers . could be part of a trade for the ducks 1st round pick
3:44 ho gy duss hun kii aa ??
Pata na
rt 67% more funds allotted for passenger amenities - union railway minister shri #railbudget2015 http://t.co/z0
uhmmm are you sure ? cuz groundhog day isn't til like february or march lol
lekin ye song shaan ko kyu suna rahe ho bhai ? ? ? :) :)
Use b bola karo mera rakhne k lye
chinese ? on top of the international holidays , we have chinese new year eve , chinese new year (day 1&amp; 2) , chap goh mei (15th day)
Aap katrina se shaadi kyun nahi kar lete...? Sallu miya
i had okc im playin online . . . the nigga had da knicks . . i was bustin dey ass then the 4th come , raymond felton and jr smith
Helo..bhia kaise ho...!! :)
#aapsweep don't under estimate the power of common man.....
Dekhta hun
Haan
Arre bc .. Saale mat jaana tu abhi
in clg
Huu
sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship , seeking future foreign correspondents , under 26 . deadline sept 30: http/URL
md.intjar.malik. bajrangi.bhijane. .i love.you. (786). bhijane.apki.film. no: 1 hogi.
Pata na ..
abi no
Jeroes
rt #railbudget2015 expectations promote the tourism with example "palace on wheels" in all the states.
or bangan ka bharta use kya kehte h english ma . . :p
ice may still issue an nta against her , though unlikely . let me know if melany needs a lawyer in the area for #daca .
people getting off caltrain at 4th and king for the #sfgiants parade are already pretty wasted . . . at least they didn't drive in i guess .
Kuch nahi yaar abhi sokar utha
beef-legging the answer to maharashtra's #beefban woes?
niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there !
did we just play 20-20 #indvsuae #cwc15 #joke
Hahahaha
no youth tomorrow . come to fall festival . also , this sunday high school will attend main service with the adults for super sunday !
preview of the nfc championship game sunday ? ! i'm feelin' an offensive shootout hahaha #vikes #cards #gameoftheweek
hi hai . Plz
Ki kya karna h
Pata wata hota nhi ajate hain bheek mangne
Kahte h ki salman bhai kabi juth nahi bolte
one man down 9 more to go come on team blue. smash the green color #indiavspakistan #indvspak #iccworldcup2015
extended net session for india #indvsuae #iccworldcup2015
nadal has not played since 28 june , when he lost to czech lukas rosol 6-7(9) , 6-4 , 6-4 , 2-6 , 6-4 in the wimbledon second round .
south africa walo ko yaad dilo ko ki usko india ne azad kiya tha to ye match kaise jitne dete . . .
lo aa gaye bhagwan !
i am wondering that if sex is such a natural phenomenon how come there are so many books on how to ?
tv dekh rhi hu

Shaam mein udana
tujhe di ki yaad kaha aati h
make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the murphy center in dance studio b ! ! !
cut off with them ... negative ppl ll only . c ur negative traits ... be wit ppl who likes u n doesnt look down upon u !
it is saturday after all . question - is giroud the new torres ? and superbowl switches to comerica park for game 3 . where ?
Sabse kimti cheej mili pahchan kafi hai
sweater pahnane ke liye hota hai ya peechhe bandane ke liye
Kese ho bhai aap
Tu bata
plz tell me bhau salu miya ji
Salman bhai mujhe bhi aana hai
Bana diyo
#198 How many confessions posted here are real ? Why do I get the sense that many may simply be fantasies of some folks and a few others may simply be teasers to provoke comments . No ?
jinja safari have hiccups , catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour http/URL
thank vvery news
aston villa midfielder karim el ahmadi will miss saturday's trip to sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season .
bhai aa jao
presents: dethklok with machine head , all that remains , and black dahlia murder ! tuesday , november 13th at the venue at the hub !
Toh baat karle Ashish se
Aise Hi bas
isse accha to Mere Dad Ki Maruti dekh lo ....
interview on vow fm tomorrow morning . . . do tune in and hear the kid out ! ! ! cc
Yehi sahi waqt hai jab hamara imaan azmaaya jayega
hoti h but abhi main tujhse naraj hu
omg . random bel ami tv spot - canada - it'll be premiering on the movie network november 23rd :)
Bhai 4.10 hua jaldi aao na
nick diaz said he would " fight gsp tomorrow if the ufc asked " . except , you know , they wouldn't . . . because you're suspended . . .
It's 4pm sir
hey you ! i'm gonna be in dublin in february . know what i'm saying ?
bhai,tu kaha hain
Ap sub ki firki le rhe ho kya'?
Atb for presentation
lmao how old are you ? club bodi should be live on sunday , its 18+ tho
rivers throw a pick on 3rd and goal . everyone here thought they would run the ball . bolts lead 10-0 at half .
somethings enjoy their status because of the status they earned in the past . Thatz wat DU is all about .
Ohhh thatz bad .... God knows where our educatn systm is goin ? #thisisnotacceptable
Ami tomar sathe kotha bolte chai Bhaijaan.
Bhai aap kaha hai
Soon ky@m
Koi nhi chota kar denge
nov 25 at the san siro . i pray we would've gotten back our rhythm before then or we'll get embarrased .
#msgincinemas waiting over today v wil watch our dear ppapa #msgthefilm
new glory gang music janet at the superbowl http/URL on #soundcloud
october is like the road to wrestlemania in reality . halloween = royal rumble , thanksgiving = elimination chamber , christmas = wrestlemania .
luncher paaji jab biscuit kha rahe hain to " sudup sudup " ho rahi hai aur jab chai pee rahe hain to " chabar chabar " ? ?
we have lots of expectations from you . you must live up to it .
bench par bag kon kon latkata tha ? ? :p
ache se samjha ke chali gyi aur mai so gayi
i've got 2 tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont , il on november 23 that i can't use . anyone interested ? face value is about $300 .
bhai Tu apni jaaan hai :*
mt@someUSER the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff-ed billy cundiff "
monday is the tournament . weight class negros . #whoboutit
Han yaar
amazon has deals on home theater items on during the countdown to black friday . http/URL
grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle . . .
of course it's aston villa . played them off the park on saturday . bring it on !
baba ramdevji sarkar se uleta kam kar rahe hai
Bhai firki to nahi le rahe ho 4 baje mat kehna 4:30 baje please
rt why aap used only green &amp; white balloons? was there a hidden message? #aapstorm #aapsweep http://t.co/vnwkb57ybi
aaj agar ladoo ka pura dabba bi mil jaye to vo maja nahi aaega :(
Mujse baat karne m tumko sharam aati h sab k saamne
Yoooo .. Nice modification admin .. . Game of thrones is really awesome btw ..?
Tum mese kisi ne tar use kiya h jo miss kar rahe ho use
sat here watching celebrity juice again 3rd time today with my mum .
HPP
bhai 4 baj gye
KASH HAM MIL PATE
Me ab bho akela hu mijhe abhi tak koi girl friend nahi mili pata h kiyo my femli.is not rich is liye kiyo ki mere ps jada pese nahi h larkiyo pe kharcha karne ke liye is liye aj tak gf nahi mili
Hehe . Ishwar jaane
Sab log sun lo salman bhai rat ke 10 bje aayenge
ramzan mubarak ho bhaijaan
Phir tu kiske saath karega
ye kaam to bohot kiya hai .
Ye log bahar the mai so Gaya tha uth hi nhi paya
Thank u ladke ..
Aur jaaneman
issi mauke ka hi toh humey intezaar tha. #maukamauka #indvssa
Abh 3 din baad reply aata h tumhara baad m ptanhi kya hoga ??
Bhaijaan kamaal karte ho
Oh ok Hmm Nai itna b ni SAI h beta
mujhe mil gaya haii.....
ima order some tickets for the senior bowl in january
Ap shdi kr loooo
Swagat nahi karoge humahra..???
february 13th; desperation day , it's a thing
oui salman khan
ddnewslive #uhf process &amp; procedures simplified to prevent delays; internal audit of rly systems #railbudget2015
Chal padhle eis dhyan se .. Gand phati padi h
Mein ready hoon
Hal
i saw the drummer from frankie and the heartstrings in town on saturday .
hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting ! ready , set &amp; vote ! #justdoit !
add online
sahi pkde h
you are saying water for free , wifi for free , electricity at reduced price . . . .
aur jaise hi rohit 50 pure krega ...uske 2 over baad game khatm hoga #indvsuae
Bhai mera nasm saaru h jaise aap ka sallu h
Tum jaan bhaijan ho ya gayab???
kua
Kahan Mil gaya
Toh mere se kaise legs
rt #msgyouthicon is nt d movie to b banned. moreover, it should b compulsory to b watched.
when i teach a basketball in my own school , we're gonna spend the 1st day watching larry bird videos , &amp; the rest will take care of itself .

Abe tumara plan kya h ?
nahin bhai aur wahan rakhne se koi faida nahin . . . hamein hi de do . . . hum phod denge
Bhai ..kab bajen ge 3.30
- chaps , i'm still working on the pix from saturday v blaydon . should be uploaded later tonight- phil
kiya kismat hai
Or AAP vo h jo is bar khane ke liye muh laplapa rhe h ..
bhai likhna aur karna 2 alag alag chiz hai .
Or class me baitha hun
Bhai rolaoge kya aa v jao
Kyun bhai Aj kyun nahi Kal kare so Aaj KAR...
Hmm.
Yo di
5th floor paterno with we're going to be productive from now on .
Haha
Aur kiske saath
Nhi j ??
well , a few news: gonna be at phil's studio with nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys . . . . http/URL
acting mein hum se panga . . . . . .
i'm sharing my candy with lyric , alena , dejanae and marquell tomorrow =)
itni detail tujhe kha se pta chalin ? ? ?
Hws studies going on
bhai mko.farq ni pdta
my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep . she is a little too old for an imaginary friend , don't ya think ?
gm
on the hill side , near the temple there is a junior faculty member who sells sutta until 1 am . apparently only very few students know about it .
chup raho , tu kya vugada cm banayato
Ho ho ..
LOLvaaa
Janab
Bhai jan jldi jkdi
yes obviously . . . because you are not going to support zimbabwe or bangladesh .
kab aarahe ho
bolne me kya jata hai
hahaha . . . sambhal ke . . . rocket kahin andar na chala jaye amla ke . . . . pant mein ;) :d
check timeline mate , looks like we'll find out if we found the gym . if vitali steps up we may have to go too
oct 9 1888 the washington monument officially opened to the general public . have you been to visit ?
kam hai khatm kar leti hun bad me bat karungi
rt #msgyouthicon kal hoga kya kabhi ye na socho, kya pta kal apni tasweer badal de
Kundu baap h
SRIJI Jantar mantra padhare !aapko nyota hai !
to prblm kya h agr tum log pyr krte o to . . . ? ?
mst
Han wahi wahi
Same story -( confessor u can contact me if u want maybe we cud share our problms !
yoooo &amp; if niggas in paris comes on more than once on the 26th , might have to plank for whole night . . .
it's presidents day at the white house thursday . barack obama hosts george w . bush for unveiling of portrait . george h . w . bush there too .
Bt for me , studying tax is a big deal right now (
ye kaha ka he
group me 1 friend hota hai jo khata pita rehta hai usko aur kisi cheez ne matlab nahi hota
bye
annie hasn't finished the high water marks but ash wed is under bayford oyster co #sandy http/URL
rt guruji said that we must throw ourselves to the mercy of the lord and tell him to guide us. #msg3successfulweeks
total box office collection-1st,2nd &amp; 3rd day expected business report http://t.co/fppavfgvpw
Salman kha ho
#beefban would this also mean cows outside #maharashtra are 'less' equal? and, what about rats that ganesha rode; why not ban rat poison?
i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut ?
Are Bhai ko kuch bat bolo. q ke hum ya pe bohat sare fan ho . is k liye aanahi raha hai. waise b bo kitne k sath bat karenge.
Yog
Ghar ja ra hu ab bus em
last hectic day in office b4 3 weeks in asia . 1st to ifeat in singapore . then taiwan , hk , china . then 3 wks of jet lag ! gets to me every time !
Maa to ghar hain
##$$## black friday deals nikon d3200 24 . 2 megapixels digital slr camera with 18-55mm nikkor vr lens , black &amp; nikon . . . http/URL
Open Slot.ng
Bahi ap se 1 sawal
perry: morgan state is beating howard , 7-0 at the end of the 1st quarter of howard's homecoming football game .
who to the bell game tomorrow though
Bhai kuch to bta
i'm hearing diamonds just entered the u . s top 5 and that rih is coming to snl the 10th , is this true ?
Bhai.. Kese ho.. Aur intezaar nhi hota jaldi aao
rt why islamic countries put ban on pork? then why not india can ban on beef #beefban #banbeef
Han launde ab bol
Bhagvan ka kam karna sub se mukya darm hai.
trends of all 70 seats out: aap is leading in 57 of them with bjp at 11 cong at 1 and others at 1 #delhidecides
i'm amazed you keep coming up with new names for the league . may want to consider formatting phil's gotw though .
namo can find the camera everywhere https://t.co/mh5gttf9on #landacquisitionbill
Mai baat Karta hun
jo wade pure honge wahi karo dono partiya
Nai bhaiyya
Aaaa bhi jaa.. Aaaa bhi jaa... Bajrangi bhaijaan aaaa bhi jaa
do u think same like james sutherland? #indvspak match will be most watched in cricket history?
mjhe malum h kitna bura lgta h jb hm apne pyr se dur hote h
Hmmm
i see many asking this dumb ques (so now cows are safer than the girls in india) do women too get slaughtered in india ?? #beefban
bhai jaan aaye kya
last sunday history was repeated; this sunday history was created.#indvspak #indvssa #cwc15
Aur kuch kiya
king cake and boudin for breakfast . yep ! i'm in southern louisiana , where the weather is warm (not hot) and sunny . wine tasting tomorrow !
beta kuch din bd rakhsha bandhan aane wala hai .. bhul k v mat park mai jana
smooches from fido: yea or nay ? - july 6th was international kissing day (of the human sort) . later in the month , ca . . . http/URL
true . . . one of my brother's project was a ship built of 5 paise coins . . . mummy has still kept those coins coated with golden paint . . .
Papa aur mummy aaye ge
Hafta bht h bhai
salman bhai aslamolikum ...
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder .... depends on you whom do you see as beautiful ..... can't generalize the fact above though
Tera ho gaya sab ?
just filled out my home depot application . . . . matteson , alsip , orland park , homewood , &amp; cal city now i need to make moves that way tomorrow .
baap bda na , bhiya , , sbse bda rupaiya h aj k liye . . . . . .
we will come up with detailed post budget analysis. stay tuned. #budget2015 #moneypalm #unionbudget2015 #superbudget http://t.co/2mdpdyf3ye
Hollah
heavy rain over parts of ne . some showers in cny . any sun ? how about the weekend ? your forecast first at 4am on nbc-3 ! http/URL
Kya haal
#msgincinemas dhan dhan satguru tera hi aasra pita g.mere te mere saare parivaar walo msg diyan bhut2 mubarka g.rehmatkarna
Kab takho
clean sweep by #aapsweep. amul cashes on #delhidecides http://t.co/uqtheazjq2
#unionbudget2015 economic liberalization budget vs. conservative indian populist budget, which one would win?
rt bulls have taken on roads and are doing roadshows by doing gobar everywhere. rejoice day. #beefban
cannot forget the the salt act also
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . .
hey mick ! do you know what time you'll be signing in indianapolis on the 18th ?
where will the land come for clean and green energy? #landacquisitionbill its a global issue.we need land for #solarpower
rt 7. does the #unionbudget2015 make it easier to invest in india? http://t.co/x8wrgkjbty
calling all reality tv fans: we're inviting li reality tv stars to join a google+ hangout on sunday and you can too . http/URL
bhai is baar na chak paya india :(
buenos aires--argentina late wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could s . . . http/URL
?
Chalte hain
Bahut tym lag jayega aur iss chudap mein tum waste kaun karega
Smjha
If u wanna read a newspapr , jst read #thehindu n #theindianexpress n if u wanna jst scan a newspapr 4 pics jst go for #toi n #ht ..
Salman bhai zinda baad aur Un k dosuman mordabaad kon kon is se zehmat hia
Mammi agyi hain
cj and kreckman wednesday: the guys are at stoney's getting ready for the nuggets season opener . altitude's chris . . . http/URL
#284 : do you have the mobile number of any girl , i am looking to make friends only . i will not share my name .
Han
Uske baad last mai apne liye kuch lelungi
SUNO SAB CHUP JO JAO BHAI AANE BALA HAI

yaar ek fielder dhoni k piche bhi laga do yaar... 2 3 4 chale gaye uske piche se... #indvssa #cwc15
Lolvaa
lamb of god concert on wednesday , formal on saturday , and 1st anniversary with my baby martin on sunday &lt;3
a simple sorry is enough ! ! and henceforth try to understand other's situations too . .
kaha pe baat kroge Bhai ye toh bata do
india vs england match show in national ? ? ?
yeh maan bachchon ko bigad rahee hai . . . . bade hokar cartoon banayegaa garbage bin kee tarah . . . aur logon kaa dimaag divert karega
is bringing out kendrick lamar the 6th of december ! ? ! get your tickets now !
acha acha. . . chalo koi nahi
Mera bhai bhi aa jata
bhai 9 baje hain mere yahan.
Haan gya .. zyada nahi gye kyuki tym ho rha tha
Toh Saale sab hata na
Main theek hu bhai ??
oh ho . . . luncher paji aa gaye . . . . laila aur amit ji kaha h . . . . 26 january celebrate krne kisi park gye h kya ? ?
Aap kahan hai hum aa gaya
yr commerce wale log aise kya kha k ate hein 95% tho jaise bacho ka khel ho -_-
Han SAI hai . bilkul
kuch bhi
Arrre
Han
rt if india makes 300+ runs, i promise that i will issue salary slips to that many no.of kingfisher employees. #indvssa
just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation " no sure " , no ? think you're missing rafa , mon brave
kb aayega
#blockbustermsg wen will msg 2 come eagerly waiting after watching msg
excellent agendas carry on this will be last agenda for political party , public will choose nota
Jaggi kaha hua ??
chicago: go see #lovesgotaholdonme #sat october 27th 7p at the #haroldwashingonculcntr 47th &amp; king dr .
Sb*
abhi kale dhan ka mudda kaha gaya uska
full of veteran kickers due into #redskins park tomorrow . no word on whether it will run over cundiff . " watch it go wide rt .
Di namaskaramm
i'm going to anthony hamilton at dar constitution hall in washington , dc - sep 15 http/URL
#debuttips: hey, patel. be cool, stay focused. khelo g-phad ke! #indwins #indvspak #cwc15 #wontgiveitback
Kidde jal
does girls gone wild still make commercials ? if , god forbid , this one goes to extras , we may find out .
sone do ...aajayenge apne aap
Han di
Ladkiyo
Sab kuch
Haha
rt present #landacquisitionbill is bitter allopathic injection..#modisarkar must dilute it like sweet homeopathic pill
Kya huwa bhai aap ne apni baat nahi puri ki kuch kaam mei phas gaye ya Hume bhool gaye
hmmm
friday is the last day to early vote in maryland . i'm4q6 . please join me and vote for question 6 . #votefor6
Or uske khe bina uski baat samajh jate h
Are koi ni
new basics foundation for january just listed , beginning monday january 28th - that's right , australia day public . . . http/URL
look #steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick . just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available .
kruti jain, director - budget has increased cost of houses directly by 0.5% due to increase in service tax #unionbudget2015
Isliye
Han
bhaijaan bas ek kar do
no wonder coming here the 21st of nov cause he got soul train the 25th
rt save life by doing blood donate , help the needy people where required #msg3successfulweeks
Hmm
vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . http/URL
to kya aapko lagta h ki aap savi promise puri kar doge
Kuch nhi
indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday , endin . . . http/URL
Abhi dekh rha tha

guddu to khushi ke maare phool gaya !
Ghume
Han mammi se$hi batana h bas
Chhota bhai dekh leta ??
BHAI ab intezar itna bhi karvai ye
wo to tu h
yaar ab mein wohi soch rha hoon
little mix are going to be on kyle and jackie o tomorrow morning :)
Abe
virat kohli: "the wicket was not as easy as raina made it look. it's two-paced. chasing 300 won't be easy." #indvspak
bhai mai tu kabse tayyar sath me eid manege bhai roza the aj
Han .. Abhi abhi kiya yaar
i fly that saturday the 15th from detroit to amsterdam then up to newcastle
after watching new pk movie, you'll end up buying a couple of these badboys. http://t.co/wge6has3c7
hmmm
no chance for a south african fan here. they are outnumbered 99-1 #indvssa http://t.co/zfillu5xjj
salu miya kaal aa rahe h hum bhaijaan se milne
kayeh tiger khan bolu..?
jay paterno , former penn state assistant football coach and son of joe paterno , said sunday night that he was at an event when a . . .
tu pich mt
rt #landacquisitionbill rt uproar in rajya sabha over land acquisition bill.
Par ye kaam hai clg ka..
Ab sabr kab tak kare intezaar ki bhi hadd ho gyi
bhai roze se hu jaldi aa hao:'( :'( :'(
bad karna chahti hun mud thik nahi hai sab so rahe hai mammy aur chhoti bhan college jane ke liye jaldi uthti hai aur rat me bhi 12 1 baj jata hai sote isliye dophar me so jati hai papa bhi so rahe hai
bhai 3.30 baj gaye hain...
Pyaar ke rang se rang do duniya saari ,
looks like this game will finish just in time for the start of #indvsuae #nzvaus
#railbudget2015 maalbhada bin wajha bdhaya gaya jiski jarurt nhi thi acha hota iski jagha maal dhone ki shmta ko bdhaya jata ..
Main theek hu bhai ??
Acha acha
Are mishhtake hogyi
mere bina shadi mat karna
it's radio 1 rocks next - week starting off with a live lounge on show with bullet for my valentine on monday
got new aesop rock , master ace &amp; doom , nas , flatbush zombies , jon connor , &amp; cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow , been sleepin on lots of shit
or
Di apki kasan
#180 Reading all these other confessions has made me loathe IITB students , these are not the kind of junta I want to hang out with everyday for the next couple of years .
Sab ghar par hi h na ?
" eleanor was just a fan when she met louis " it's funny bc she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasn't a fan
Chal badhiya
Phir mai wahi algo waala le lunga
Badi mehangi h
can i join the admins in maintaining the page ? ? i am currently in my 3rd year now , and can speak/write fairly good english .
meri mom bhi mujhe aise hi pack karke bhejti thi and ajj bhi silsila jari hai
admin ..... really jealous from modi ......... He is the lion ...... He got brave heart ...... He got personality ....... He got character ...... He is fearless ..... He is the next PM ........... -D
who would go see with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening ?
guddu k papa ko kaho kam se kam lcd toh le le :p
i'll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling . . .
who takes that much room? stupid rahane #indvspak #cwc15
Hmm.
rt #msgyouthicon ai meri jindgi k malik mere dil pe apna hath rkh de,khi tujhse milne ki khushi me mera dm nikl na jae
Nahi bol ra hindi
Good mrng launde
salman bhai look to mast hai par choor lag rahe ho
groundhog day ? he just keeps seeing jt snow rounding 3rd over and over and over and over . . . #marlinsmysteryfanrevealed
michael jackson bad 25 will air november 22 on abc . make sure you watch it ! :) http/URL
bhai jhut mat bol salman kha mere paas bethe he yaha delhi me ullu
georgetown playing jmu in " secret scrimmage " on saturday while gmu does the same at marquette . http/URL (h/t )
soul train 70's halloween party sat oct 27 http/URL adv tixx $10 - $15 wt out costume $20 at the door . . . http/URL
rt #delhidecides so d delhi is going wid d anarchists !!!
Ata Ni..
are yaar bhai se baat hogi ya nhu
Toh scratch se kar rha h ?
friday's cnet update is playing one republic : apple ceo says sorry for ios 6 map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was " extremely sorr
Salman bhaijan EID MOBARAK.
is bat ka stoke toh mai hi khoilunga
join indian social site http/URL
aaj k din jalebi khaye bina ghar ni lauta karte hai :) ^_^
Han
amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place . http/URL
you will be announcing the winner on 1st april ! how do we know its not a prank ? :p
Ap se Sirf ek swal krunga bhi jaan
ullu bna rhe hai bajrangi bhai
Oooo??
okkk
Han masjid main, ajana tum sab bhi....
Bhaijan ak hi hain.....SALMAN......
#favouritemoviequotes " after all , tomorrow is another day ! " bill murray , groundhog day
Alisha sallu hat ni aane vala the sapne dekhna band karo
liked that senior citizens will get more lower berths in #railbudget2015. finally some sense.
????
!!. he has his right shoulder supported by the ladder rope ... stop believing that you can find mistakes so damn easily in D3
lol . maybe friday since i'm going to georgetown .
Kya bhai kahi koi item toh nahi mil gayi kya
thats like the 5th time the texans hit the ball so flacco can't throw it
dear mr confessor go n post this letter to him . not on a confession page !
aaj samajh aaya delhi mei'n bhainse kyo'n nahi dikhti'n. are bhai khabarchi ho bata diya karo. neta nahi ho jo bhala na kare.
: bhai kendriya vidyalaya se lagtey ho :)
Aaray Yaar koi toh bolo sab comment kar re khali kispe baat karinge bhi
Kitthe reh gaye sallu ji 04:07 ho gye
lauren goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of dancing on ice , but that doesn't seem to have stopped her from ha . . .
Haan faad
if anyone really serious agnst #landacquisitionbill #landordinance thn first return land taken frm farmers to build samadhis of nehru-gandhi
sala guddu hero banega hehehehe
tip to apple ceo: u may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to china . while ur it how bout bring all those manufacturing jobs back .
i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat + studio session on wed ! ! !

all secular people should see now the whole story how it all started
Han thk h
are op logo bap hai bel hai
han yar kai baar kameene doston k wajah se saza milti thi . . . . . :(
#khader exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday . that may well be too late . where are the protests ?
Karta hun thodi der mein
if your in indianapolis tomorrow swing by the macy's at castelton mall from 5:30-7:30 . i'll be there signing autographs and pictures !
ap khud apne sanyam se yeh nirnay kijiye ki kise vote karna chahiye .
Mammi sil lengi
muh utha ke sbko bhai or bahen kyu bna rha h #jije ?
Gaya khane ?
Abe tu ye sab kisse bat kar rhi hai yar
Shivani is*
Arrrrreeeee
thank god, valentines day is not on sunday-every indian male #worldcup2015 #indvspak
Tu dekh liyo ??
me&amp; going to phuk the city up sept 15 . we taking it back to fairground for #battleofthesexes lets see who rock men/women
hello #salman #khan
good argument , however its a gamble that won't pay off , worse still i think the constitution has a deadline of dec 4th
one mare remaining faaaaassssssst #indvssa
Hum cahtiha ki vai, ek bar ake sobko jalak lagadea
5 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october 2 at royal albert hall
Hello koi hai ?
rt #taxation :individual taxpayer can get benefits up to rs. 4,44,200 #budget2015 #unionbudget2015
are you going to the pack ad tomorrow in edmonton ?
mere bare me itna mat socho me dil me aata hu smjh me nhi
Hlo salman sir mai aur mere mammi papa apke bhut bde fan h
Byeeg
baat hoti h hmari aaj b
Nah kab ?
im going to lunch with grammy and kels soon then running some errands for tomorrow and studying for my exam
tuk bum barsao hum run barsayen aao dekhein kaun duniya jeet-ta hai #indvspak
uefa women's champions league update , including scoring in a game with lots of americans: http/URL
ye ky ho gya abi tk to admin modi ke gudd ga raha tha ab ye
Are kab jaoge aap lene?
jammu
last day in jeddah . will be in brunei tomorrow night . and then surabaya the following night . and then bali the night after that . whee !
#abtakchhappan2 review -there is nothing appealing n this sequel says check others review also at mirab.in #railbudget2015
Abe pata na
delhi chief secy greets ak with a bouquet. ak greets him with aap's manifesto :-) #aapsweep #aapstorm
Han yaar
#rahulonleave n will not attend rail budget and general budget #modikabudget #budget2015
Haan
Main theek hu bhai ??
Arrrrrrreeeeeeee
bhai Kuch Ni bas khana kha ke aata hu abhi abhi
ye tera 1 din ka love hai baad me tu bhi uske liye uski sandal ke equal ho jayega usse pyar kar jo tujhe pyaar kare naa ki usse jo tujhe 400 miles ka suffer karvaye :-p
#landacquisitionbill - a law that benefits the urban land owners and builders at the cost of marginal farmers and small land owners.
scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause i gotta work out and leave for a game .
Subah subah
here is a message from senator with info that may help , dear friend: i am writing because you have corresponded . . . http/URL
Isliye tu Jo bhi kar mai bhi wahi
arnab is the first jurno who will return his offc n house 's lands to farmer who sold it to him. bravo arnab. #landacquisitionbill
Tu bhi . . . . woh bhi Prem se
rt #unionbudget2015 : taxes on technical services reduced to 10% from 25%..
To acchi bat hai na
oye lalle ka number bol
Kya kha liya tune Bhr ka khana
Ok sallu bhai
Ha phati to h
bhaiyya g??
Hmm
Acha Rona dhona karte ho?
Manage kar lenge sab
may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble
Kya by Maje
#longharryimagine #imagine it's a friday night and you find yourself watching the notebook , again . you just (cont) http/URL
Salman plz plz fulfill my 1 wish
Kese ho bhaijan.....
Bhai 4 baj gaye kaha ho jaldi ao
just deleted 100 pictures from my phone , realized i look hideous in most , diet starts tomorrow . #goodnight
watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monday
kya???
Chalo shuru karte ha bhai
Kuch na yaar leta hun bas
#284 Do you have the mobile number of any girl , I am looking to make friends only . I will not share my name .
Han jaunga abhi mammi k uthne ke baad
kamaal karte ho Q intzar kra rhe ho
hiii ab to 4 baj gye
Aaj nhi
Shadhe karlo bhai
maa bhi kahan samjthi thi . . phele haatho se behad garam buna hua sweater aur uske uper garam wali school ki shirt aur uske bhi uper bhi sweater . . school ki traulli me hi jaate samay sab utarna suru :p
Meri bhi kr dijiye na plz.......mera bhatije ko thik kr dijiye ....apko allah ka wasta....
ab to check karna padega kahi mere ghme tune camere to nahi lgaye . . . sala sab kuch ditto . . .
bhai aai jao tame badi door gaau se aako betho hu..
Ruk
Pta h log kitna pagal h apko milney ko
you can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to " what makes you beautiful " . lol .
Awa ge jaroor
Whichg oneg ?
Namashkar akki
Maje kar .. Abhi toh 3-4 din
elimination chamber is going to be in st . louis may 19th . . i have to go .
Arae sur jee pahelae hamare bharat ke bachho ka parao.... Firr vedesh may jao yaar
when india score their first boundary, the place is going to erupt. #indvspak
Ig 10
cundiff got released . i think he's outta the league now , especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real
to btaa kb tk aayega
main to pura dabba uthata tha staff room se , aur 2 chalk teacher ko deta tha , baaki apni jeb me . . . :p
Sab ghar par kaise ?
injures borderland , taking him out of the ppv . who will replace him in the elimination chamber match ? watch asylum this sunday
Han aisa kuch
are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning ? ? waaa im so confused ):
Hmm abhi$hi Aur be kaisa h
this sunday the actual work is just east of edmonds . but there will be a couple of delays impacting all eastbound service^da
ek delhi harne se desh thode hi har gaye?
Jan Jan ka viswas kam ho na jai hind
Apkeliya masig salman
#msgincinemas where r those liberals who stand up for freedom of expression? a few gps against #msgthefilm can stop from its screening."
it is obvious that those who like the movie will show it..#blockbustermsg
&amp; its supporter must not troll #rahulonleave as he is their best campaigner! 1/2
yes these are the submissions to be considered by grammys . in december they announce the actual nominees .
Tujhe puch rha tha ?
shubham das so this was what you were trying to say ?
Asiactic library
So gya tha
anjaam se kya darna aagaaz kar ke dekh; bheego koi paroon se parwaaz kar ke dekh #aapsweep #aap
maa naam badnam mt kro frd
love is like michael jackson's 8th nose . . you'll never understand it
hahahaa lalu parsad koo b dee doo
Plz salman sir
rt have to keep in mind long time benefits for railways: railway minister suresh prabhu #railbudget2015
Kuch nahi ... abhi toh bas aise tv dekh rha hoon
pics: the kbc episode on sony on november 4 . a treat for all the big b and srk fans . http/URL #fb
working the celebrity power106 game saturday at calstate la $12 at the door . gonna be with kendrick lamar , rick ross , clyde carson , ect .
Realy kaha par
talking of bond &amp; skyfall , variety , the children's charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at sylvia park . tickets http/URL
anybody in the #dmv want to buy a pair of anthony hamilton tickets ? dm me for details . the show is tomorrow at constitution hall .
good morning , hong kong ! meme pa ang kasama ko , may headache :( what's the jap resto again in lkf other than ippudo ?
Neeta tum ek kaam karo salman se shadi karlo
rt in the future when pre nuptials become popular in india they should have a cricket clause in it.. #indvssa
Bhai logon maaje karo .. ye apsabd use na karo
Kiya bhai jaan
kya karte ho bhai
Ye kya gadge h??
Kya yar hum Milne aaye or aap to mile hi nhi
Kal dekhna na bhule
Exactly ..! Rules are made for innocent people ..! And the one who commit crime always get free without any objection .!
want to play in the homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie o's on sunday ? reply or dm us ! $16 per team !
bharat ka shan narendar modi lakin bihar ka kya hoga modi jee
ek jagah baithe baithey pair so jaata hai
Kya baat hai g
Le
Check this.
Are koi ni
what up , we bout to touch thuus ainsworth on 26th between 6th &amp; 7th for the knicks/heat game . who comin thru ? ! ? !
Hey llah
Unki
Han pata hai
a round-up of friday's world cup qualifiers as fabio capello's russia beat portugal and sweden edge past the faroes
Maine bi bola
Ran out of space
Thoda thoda dimaag bhi
yeh acting toh sabne ki hai school mein
kya kahu bhai tumhara har stilepe josh hai,mano ya na mano sare ledki tumpe marte hai.jisko chaho apna banalo,khuda ka kasam kabhi na mat bolo.
hello bol de
nba news: the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday (australian time) in their season . . . http/URL
bhai apku sath Katrina ko film mere bohut ppochondo
mil gaye haath se haath...delhi chali ke saath !!!
Loan ka kaam hua ?
Kitiya
rt maharashtrian vegetarians, get ready for high vegetable prices #beefban
Rukh jaa
can you get more canadian than 25th anniversary tour across canada in frigid january and february , including a stop in iqaluit ?
i grew up in alsip , oak lawn is like my 2nd home . reason for the city is wifes job at (cont) http/URL
Han
Salman bhai nahi ayenge
Yaar frnds aap sabko such mein lagta hai ye salman bhai ki id hai
talk about the history of valentine day: every february 14 , across the united states and in other places around the . . . http/URL
Hmm hmm kar re h
Main apse milna chahta hun
Who will bear that
hii.....salman bhai
chalk ki bahut mara mari thi apne time mein . . .
" savinay kaanun bhang " ni ladat chalaavi jaannaar , kaanun(kaaydaa) naa saachaa upaasak ane aagrahi evaa mahaatmaa ne sat sat naman . . . .
May be the discounts are less.
bhaiiiiiii kaha ho????
5000comment in 5minute
met via google+ hangout on wednesday ! so cool to meet someone that you've actually cited in paper :)
tushar bhai bata to de kiya kya hai rahul gandhi ne . . .
Ha tatti
sb thik???
aa gy tu
Is there any #Change you wanna see around you ? if yes , write the status update of difference you wanna see in the society along with hashtag #Change .
interview on monday , a call back tomorrow , and vans is really interested into me ? i don't know why you guys say it's so hard to get a job
dis is very rit dere always been rumors of affairs b/w teachers . . . . . . . . !
hii
dana asked when chael started his job with fox and chael response was oct 1st on fuel tv
delhites enjoy ur free water free wifi free electricity,1500000 cctv cameras from 15th onwords #aapsweep #delhidecides #aapstorm #kiskidilli
#indvspak meanwhile #google is busy watching the match #wait_buffering
top 2013 suzuki burgman 400 abs review http://t.co/dzxtiybhqu #indvsuae #superbudget #unionbudget2015 #ausvnz #sabkabudget
nade wala kacchha , mushkil ke time hamesha dhokha de deta hai ......
pentagon open to more than just #blackberry ? ios and android may make an appearance . http/URL
Haan nasheela type hi Hota hai ??
Ab ghar par koi bat hui hogi to ab mana kar Rahe hai cancel karne ke liye ..
Bas bhaiyya kaam kar raha hun
Shadi kab hai?
i recorded some diablo iii . and i will edit and upload it tomorrow
news: bookmaker paddy power's 'lucky pants' make an appearance at chisora weigh-in ahead of saturday's . . . http/URL #pr #prjobs
taylor swift to co-host grammys with ll cool j: new york , oct 30 (ani): taylor swift has been chosen to present . . . http/URL
hug her n ask 4 sry . wen u hug n ask sry any gal wud acept ur apology
typical sat with the team (@ nj national guard armory for meek mill , machine gun kelly , vado and funkmaster flex) http/URL
bhai bolo to sahi
but how you gon handle it if you are announcing on super bowl sunday ? ! ! you might put that gold back in yo grill .
Zara pucho Salman se k kitna #Roza raha
As usual
U in bade logo ke chonchle hain ??
ab yaad aa rha hai apna bachpan kahan beeta :d
guddu ki hi nhi gharwaalon ki bhi class laga di . . . . . . .
Mujhe lambi chutti OE aane de
aa jaiyu
rip sir :(
kya karna hai
i have to finish reading paterno by tomorrow so i can watch football sunday and monday and prepare for the #nba2k13 release #120pagesleft
Kaha kaisy? M karna chati ho aapsy bohot sara baat
Han
It's 4:10
chl kaam khtm kr
in 2012 NSUI Won 3 Seats #ABVP 1 Seat . 1 Speech of Narendra Modi in DUSU & Results are reverse #NaMoMagic+en_suffix
anonymous asked: may i know the format of unboxing video ? and is it for album only ? can i do it for . . . http/URL
austin rivers just scored his 1st nba points with 6:48 left in the 4th you running with the big boys now son (my doc rivers voice)
#delhidecides to say "hair" instead of "here"
kyu?
dusri class se chalk mai lata tha . . sath mai bread pakora kha ke aata tha
trying to woo his in laws in australia #indvssa #cwc15
Waha ae
haan bahur purana hai
Aajao aap vai
Morning se
Liye
Busy ho?
Boli Muskaati Maiya , Lalan Ko Bataaya Kaali Andhiyari Aadhi Raat Men Tu Aaya Laadala Kanhaiya Meraa , Ho .. Laadala Kanhaiya Meraa , Kaali Kamali Vaala isi liye kala
Free hua ?
rt dale steyn is suffering from flu and missed today's training session.. #indvssa
#annareturns so #rahulonleave now please dont ask #whereisrahul better concentrate on #rssquestionsteresa &amp; give the answer :-p
Bhai aap kha baat krogge
IITB Confessions Looks like you are going to be featured in media very soon . . Swathi Akella How do you guys manage to find about these confession pages ?
Sehar aa gaya
memorial day , president's day , monday , any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on t . v .
baki sab clg ne hai
pure ke pure number guddu ke baaye haath ko
the man cast a long shadow . he wll be missed .
Okay ??
O
Pavan kuman ...abhi toh ajao..
again it was a thurs watching nadal game and tried to type ffs . . .
Toh mammi bore ho rhi hongi
Arre salman bhai kanha ho app 4 bajke 15 min ho gaya
bhai eid ka gift nhi doge
Yo yo honey Singh
kyle williams monday press conference: bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye . . . http/URL
italy: also tonight livorno host cesena looking to end of run of 2 home defeats on the trot . hellas in 2nd welcome lowly lanciano tomorrow .
Asslamalaikum salaman bhai
the video of porto " oportonity city " won the 1st prize in category cultural tourism in art&amp;tur international tourism film festival . . .
somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team time for 15 training days before the start of the cecafa cup .
Kai's ho ?
banda shi hey galat mat samjo
Kuch na
Ohhhg
try speak to Dean of Students ' welfare ..! DUSU office ! )
Bs kya bhai
my xbox live ends tomorrow :( mw3 and gears3 all day ! hit me up !
rt #replug #modi " 'na khaunga; na khaane dunga' " #beefban
Maine bola h ki se le liyo
Kahan h
or bua g kaisi h
The easiest thing to be in the world is you . The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be . Don't let them put you in that position . ? . ? Leo Buscaglia
butiful song evr i fel in luv wiv dis song
wish you were eating jackie o's today ? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o's lunch , &amp; health workshop :)
humari age ruk nahi rahi and ye guddu sala aur chota hota ja rha hai :p
an estimated worldwide tv audience of one billion will make it the most watched cricket match in history.#iccworldcup2015 #cricket #indvspak
really beautiful
Lageraho modiji pura des aapke sath he.
Modiji nice parson abi survat hai age age dekho hota hai kay
looking for something to do this weekend in cny ? here are the best bets: thursday: rapper wiz khalifa will headl . . . http/URL
thanks for dd national for showing premium movies free to air
s was mine favourite . . . :p
sexy
Ramzan me sabki madad karte ho aap isiliye vo aaye the
aab koi sa bhi aaya na pathake le ke uski hum kehe ke lenge . . . :p
the shoes u wear the clothes u wear the hair bands d caps d handbands the accesories are all amazing n unique drive me crazy #msgyouthicon
desh gourav badha rahe ho ayushman bhav
Sal me kam se kum 3 movie kiya kro salman bhai
he . . . he . . . wo b kya din the . . .
takdeer badal jaayegi khud hi mere dost, muskurana seekh le wajah ki talaash na kar. #msg3successfulweeks
Naice naice naice....
too early to say this friends . lets not celebrate until the fat lady sings . :)
qeii in woolwich . only 20 mins from home . :) my sister becky is going to come and stay sat-mon i think .
guddu mast tarike se bahar udd k agaya .
Bhai aa gaye hai jai jai bajrangbali
Mujay is baat ka fakhar hai kay ap muslman hai.
bhai jaan me aap bhut badha fen ho sir me soch ta ho ki kabhi aap se miluga ya nahi sir jingi ki ek hi khuais thi ki ek baar aap se milu
Hi mam
aisi english se toh guddu angrejo ko bhi peeche chod dega
beautiful so lovely pic nice photo
Milna to ek bar yaad rkhna bar bar
maa ka koi todd nahi ho sakta :-)
gr8 personality
whatever happens . mom's lap is the best place to relax :)
still my favorite pose of you , :) pancakes tomorrow , glad you're here , we missed dj marcus ! sweet dreams ! http/URL
true . . . . . . . . . we have done dis so many times :d
cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13 ! ! ! t-t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode !
dekho wo aaa gya ................. fir se ed pr edi lene sbka apna bhaijaan................
yo man i like this .
one ticket left for the game tomorrow ! don't miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants ! hit me up !
three times grammy nominated , brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday ! http/URL
Haan sahi hai
acting ka betaaz badshah guddu ;)
tu kitni achhi hai , tu kitni bholi hai pyaari pyaari hai , o maa o maa o maa , o maa ! ! ! :)
we have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in indianapolis early monday morning . could you be the answer to . . . http/URL
all the best
lol . . . ye too much se zyada ho gaya . . . ! ! ! still laughing . . .
guddu ab jawan ho gaya :d
its funny
lmfao alright u got me there . good job parker and the spurs , see y'all jan 9th . if i get an extra ticket to that game ur goin
kejriwal zindaabaad
#beefban der aaye durust aaye devendra fadnaveesh ko bdhai ek uchit faisla lene k liye
#msgincinemas i watched msg in darpan cinema at dabwali. msg is very interested movie. so i request you must watch msg movie.
the best comic ever read , ever seen , ever imagined .
Punjab mein Babbu maan aur bombay mein salman jaisa koi nhi hai .. In dono jaisa koi aur nhi,paida ho sakta .. Salman bhai ek song Babbu maan ka to banta hai apki next movie mein
kumkum bhagya
Bhai ap jhakas ho pr sab ne body ap ko dekh kar banaaya or ap mote hote ja rahe ho
aap se itna pyar karte bhi
Modiji des ne aap pr bharosa jtaya hai aap hmari ummido pr khra utrna
it's midnight on the east coast which means its birthday ! happy 20th birthday nick j ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! &lt;333
a beautiful girl , who is my fb-friend since 2011 , liked my status today for the first time ever . i am very^infinity happy . :) :)
good morning thursday . " life is fragile . we're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got . " - tim cook [do it for jobs ! ]
i love u vaii.khuda hamesha apki saath rahegi vaii
Bahot accha hai
are u coming up the 17th . davis is playing hawaii for vball so we will see chris webb and scott wong . ur mom &amp; my mom are !
if you find any problem in evm all that you need is to complain it to presiding officer who will inform it to zonal magistrate , and in no time the defected evm would be replaced by a new one .
Han Han thk h
rt fantastic way to connect youth with humanity #msg3successfulweeks .
isss baar kejri sarkar
Nazar na lage
sab police vale aise nahi hote lekin
hope so we win the trophy again :)
Saare jahan se achha hindustaa hamara
i'd watch cougar town over this any day ! january 8 on tbs . very funny . #firedooley
bestie we gotta go see " flight " with denzel washington , comes out friday . seems so good
mere sath ulta hota tha . . . . papa se mil jate the :p
also the way to go at zachary's is the stuffed mushroom and spinach . excellent . (note: this opinion may be out-of-date) .
we have melbourne cup , woop thats a fab horse racing day &amp; we have christmas , easter , good friday , australia day , idk heaps haha
modi ji apko sahi dimag ko me salute karta hu
salmaan# bhai# aap# hamare# chahete# kalakar# ho# aapko# dil# se pasand# karte hai but ham sab ki dil se tamnna hoti h aap se mil sake or apka didar kar sake
dear and finally tomorrow dream high 2 will be aired in my country . . . finally i can see you again^^ miss u alot~~
kejriwal jeeta ya koi bhi public k liye kuch kare . . . .
sarah g . day is now on its 4th consecutive day on the top spot . :))
achhe din aa gye
wow . . ! ! users now get free mobile recharge of rs . 350 in just 2 minutes .
kya baat h..manwa khush krr diye..
hahaha . . . solid hai re baba
harry styles rocking lyle and scott . he may only be 10 . . . but be honest , you wish you had his life . . http/URL
rockets have 15 assists in the 1st half . lin and harden each have five dimes .
it will be like sunday night in miami , lmfao
Meri jaan mera salman
Love youui bhaiiiii
sehwag hota toh ab tak 4-5 chauke chhake maar chuka hota. #indvsuae
its me sorry to say but i m not allowed in any match or around tv room when india plays
monday night football at #ciscos . . win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl ! ! ! happy hour all night http/URL
had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting . she is such a . . . http/URL
gutted . takin mrs 2 her 1st eng game then . she loves the dive fella . cocky git ! wish u well 4rest of internationals .
mario ki shaadi karane me kitna maja aata thaa . . . .
Mai usse bolta hun
now elections are over... get on the real issues... where is janlokpal... you can pass the bill this majority if serious to do so. #aapsweep
Yeh toh bta
watched #shamitabh .what performances by and #dhaanush.#gowatch
revision book right ? i've already gave it to niesa . she'll give it to you on tomorrow :) hopefully you'll get a+ in eng ! amin !
hope you've got your tickets/tables for plies tomorrow night 10/6 at belo nightclub with z90 . 3 | san diego ! ! if . . . http/URL
everybody so busy enjoying the strip , nobody notice shaana shaan cleverly hiding behind an open book so sir dont ask him question ! :p
Hi mam
no words for your creativity
bhai jaan jai bajrangbali apki movie jarur blockbuster hogi
the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids #dreamy
were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at 10am . they told us to bring boots and gloves . all are welcome .
tbf it is , hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive . this is his 11th game in
Han
matlab hadh ki bhi koi hadh hoti hain . rula diya pagal .
what a nice performance . . .
sahi bole bhai
hahaha . . . o god . . . its totally true :d
bahut pyaar h aap nhi samjhoge
mai suchii boliii sab hall mai bhai bhai wah bhaiii hi bolte hai haste hai josh mai aate hai bhut maja aata hai
Salman khan ke pe sari duniya marti h ehi 1
india has won the toss so yeah congrats fellow indians this will surely improve our gdp. #indvssa
about to watch the 2nd half of season 2 of breaking bad on my long flight to hong kong #buzzin
rt #msg3successfulweeks craze for msg is increasing day by day"
sab se bada my hun salman khan ka deewana
we're experiencing some issues with fuel tv (ch 39) . should be back up friday or monday .
many rumours floating about that harry redknapp may be interested in the blackburn job ? what do you all think ?
all the best dear . . . . but seriously it doesnt matter in a way :)
it's weird to think about how much money was spent on the washington monument just to make the world's biggest sun dial .
:-d :-d :-d :-d . hahaha . . bahut tyt :)
the vow ! love this movie . if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face ! #truelove #exists
if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the 1st half &amp; no ginobili , it'll be a great season !
#india won the toss again &amp; that smile on msd's face says it all. #indvssa #iccworldcup2015
Silver colour h
jai hind
so u sat down with sophia grace and rosie to tea and it was awesome ! :d
february 13th , the day before and best buddy to valentines day , desperation day
anna ji ko koi samjhao ki modi ji insaan hai jadugar nahi ki minto mein sab kuch thik kar de rahi baat hilane ki to kajri 49 dino mein khud hil gya tha jab ki modi ji pm nahi the ab to hilane ki chod
i have just watched pk movie awsum acting by amir and true ending #pk
#msgincinemas kuch bhi na mangu mai kisi ki na manu mai khush h tu sang h tu bas itna jaanu mai
desh ko ap ki jarurat hai aage le jane ke liye
#betstylelounge this saturday will be turnt to the max ! come see me and rock out ! 35th and king dr ! ! http/URL
na hua h na hoga aisa pahli baar,jab lagega #indiahattick #indvsuae
#msgyouthicon daddy ji you are alwys ready to do anything for all humanity nd make us also like u u r our great papa lab u
#torchlight2 comes out tomorrow . torchlight is in my list of best games of all time . i like it better than diablo iii . 2 promises more .
yaaar aaj pahli bar mujhe meri ma yaad ni ayi . .
Han
billy cundiff may be leaving washington . hopefully he won't miss the door on the way out .
Sabbas
come out and have some laughs with me , spartacus , and max at caroline's comedy club this wednesday october 24th ! . . . http/URL
Happy new year 2016 .. Stay happy
i have english tomorrow but it honestly doesn't bother me for some reason . rella always makes my day . don't ask
bhai tod laya ho kafi dino baad aye par nayab tohfa laye :d
Bhai ki jai ho
february 12th is a nice time to release it . its the week of the grammys too . albums " sell " that week .
supprrrrrrrrrrrrrrr salllu bhai
the girl with the birthday cake on her in the " birthday song " video . . can somebody bring her to my house thursday ?
superb bhai . . .
last line is too funny
#delhidecides there is no question of it. this is the govt. we believe will take many levels up what it stands today. delhi should lead this
this post deserves infinite likes . :d
Jabtak surj chand rhega tabtak modi ji sarkar rhega ....jay hind
knowing the movie industry in kumasi , a movie a titled " ayariga for president " may not be too far away . please don't disappoint me#boxoffice
partyg banti hai
Or suna
nice line after a long time thanks a lot for who love india
rugby fest at padang: november 01 , 2012 3:54 pmtop class rugby action will take place at the padang from friday , . . . http/URL
with the recent #beefban , i'm sure everyone working in a restaurant has stuffed themselves with all the good beef in the pantry :p #thanks
happy valentines day &lt;3 ! ! . . . . . yes , in brazil , it is celebrated on june 12 . your mind = blown !
love how i skipped every category of the nta's besides the soaps . couldn't give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow .
modi g ke jajbe ko koti koti naman
Aaram se abhi soch rha hoon
Bas dil pak ho bhale duinya kuch b kahe
love uu salluuu
fuck it . . . no one pays attention anyhow . . this ! next tuesday on the original nirvana drummer chad channing !
yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssd that's o00uuuuut!!!! go home abd! #indvssa #wc2015 #bleedblue #wontgiveitback
cannot wait to play san fran on sunday . if we can beat them at home for the nfc championship we can beat them now .
yup true
one more day of work before rugby filled weekend . hurry up saturday ! #esherrugby #refereeing #excited
you guys created a character " guddu " and we all love him and his family .
#msgincinemas what a fantastic movie papa...thanku 4 such a wonderfull gift.i love u forever.all r crazy abt this movie
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app (+video): apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company . . . http/URL
scott &amp; evelyn swanson , both work for fema . happy to host trick-treaters tonight , evelyn heads out tomorrow http/URL
Nahi di
looking overconfident
kewal 20 second me . , !
#ind is definitely going to win tomorrow's match #indvsuae #cwc15
jis din soniya mar gyi us din india azaad ho jayega :p
gantantra divas ke laddu wah bhai kya baat kya baat kya baat . . .
acha hua gf ne chhod diya . . . ab tera waqt kuch useful kaamo mein lagega . . . .
nadal at the parc des princes this saturday ! : big news ! rafael nadal accepted the invitation of paris saint-germ . . . http/URL
kasabian - fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod , definitely showing my excitement for on tuesday !
i wanna be ur friend dear u r so sweet :) send me friend request if possible
Gud
alwys wth u
we are having a politics and pancakes program in the building next tuesday night--you are welcome to come !
Bs thk bhai
Just bought this phone as I got a good deal.
rt "#msgyouthicon is the best part of my life. without him, i can't imagine where i'd be."
Kutte
bhai mein toh bhool gaya tha supw ki class , tumko yeh sub kaise yaad rahti hain bachpan ki yaadein bin
Japanese lens best
we are with ak and aap
maa ka apman mat karo dosto
saturday i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium ! i'm so happy ! ! ! !
janowicz was #221 in january and the win over murray today takes him to #46 - good year ! mega potential ! #36 if he beats tipsarevic .
waheed proposed mdp to join the gov prior coni's verdict . 7 feb controversial power transfer refrained mdp joining the govt .
ghar aa jao rahul! koi kuch nahin kahega! behen tumhe bahot yaad karti hai, maa bhi bimaar rehti hai! #whereisrahul #rahulonleave
dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to #egypt

dr . mohammed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . . . . http/URL
Sahi hai
Haha
bhai mat hu
this is the best comic of garbage bin i've ever seen :d
Bohot km h
Yehi jadu hai modiji ka jaha jate log pyaar karte hai
hello from dublin ! tomorrow we're playing at the button factory . onstage at 9 , but if you come for at 8 , you won't regret it !
Salman bhai bas tum hi tum ho industry me jo chaye rahate ho aur dusara kai nahi
my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow . i am from new york . but sorry knicks ! !
" happy valentines day " awkward cuz its def not february 14th in the u . s . . . .
#msgyouthicon is trending. seems like 90% of the profiles were born a month ago to create traffic and trend.
lekin yeh jhut hi hamare lie khusi ka karan hota tha . . . .
i think u &amp; ur tweets are more non sensical than rahul gandhi #beefban juz think that this ban will save one type of animal.
ima ask for the day off ! im not gonna miss watching breaking dawn for our 10th month anniversary ! (:
Ldki to dusri mil jayegi par dost dusra kaha dhundega -> pgle
every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry , fl just for these girls http/URL
kendrick lamar on sunday ! i'm going to rub in how good it was . . .
kuun fastest so far on ss4 , williams 2nd and fekken 3rd . cronje still leads but the gap is now 8sec from habif #sarally #pr
10 . lagatar badh rahi menhgayi shikhar se kam hokar 0% hui
Respected sir aap aaj pure Bharat ki ummid ho ...ek naya savera aapne hi janta ko dikhaya he...ap dhup bhi nikaliye...
u r simply superb #garbagebin
ASSALAMALIKUM.....ap ki aesi jo aadhri dowaye hai jo ramzan k sadk puri ho jaye..............RAMZAAN MOBARAK
with j davlar 11th . main rivals are team poland . hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow .
lovee uuu salluuuu
Na ..
Mila doc ?
Hi bhayya
Soch or bichar bhai ki tarah rahna chahiye
little shear under stress, but otherwise, a very fine fielding performance from south africa. good sport spirit #indvssa
Haaahhaa
modiji yehi voh desh hai jo hume aur mazbut banayenge
Jhaha
a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23 http/URL #cebufinest
yippee ! ! ! friends i got free 3gb 3g mobile internet for 1 month in just 2 minute stuff .
great job doods countinue . .
Bajrangi bhai jan to supar hit hai kyoki sare musalman bhai salamn khan ki film dekhge...
gumby may be the answer to our forward woes . the bomb squad never stop believing , and we never stop believing in gumby . #releasethegumby
i grew up while watching movies... never saw his charm getting dull..!! he is truly a star..!!!! #shamitabh
well played dhawan. you deserved it against pak! but much more value for it here! #indvssa #dhawan #cwc15
Awsome...isey kehte hain hindustan ki chaap chodna poore duniya me...
the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two-tone dress by http/URL
dd programs we used to watch . . sometimes with tractor battery when we dont have light etc :)
mast hai vai
Happy republic day
Han
Hehe
ha . finally i can add you in my circle and come to close to talk with you on 11/6 . . . yeah . 1st time to see real jeremy lin . . so excited . .
i done it many time when i was in 12th std .
oh . . no . . i am not at all meant for this hilarious sarcasm . . . lol . . i still cant resist laughing
: paisa aur sharab haregi , #delhi jitegi. delhi dil se , kejriwal fir se. #mycmkejriwal #aapthistime
oh my god ,i cnt belive...... i'll be thr........pls be my frnd salman...$$$$$$
rahane is full of class, just love that guy! #cwc15 #indvssa
new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season http/URL
Nmstey
Hanji
the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november 17 ! a great day of action and a fun day for the family ! http/URL
gazzab yaar ye guddu bhi na ekdum mast banda hai :)
Me bhe aap ka bahut bada dewana hu
loads of goodies from house of wilde , stylestalker , staple the label , fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow ! stay tuned ! xx
single handed catch stunning and comfortable catch #indvsuae
beauty ho bhai tum . . . kaha se bachpan ki sari cheeje yaad hai tumhe faisal bhai .
it was like bullet firing from dhawan's bat. #indvssa
Modi sirf naam he kahi hei
nostalgia :')
Mitra Wah.. Apratim
i love contra . . .
Kab se$hi ?
#halloween good . . and who is the 3rd ? valentine's day ? or ?
" no you may not kick it . " -tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff
it gives you free mobile airtime for trying apps on your phone .
big fan of the holidays that just involve partying: st . patrick's , 4th of july , halloween , presidents day , etc .
it's cool , the less recognition we get , the more we win . i'll take that . . . . all the way to n . o . in february .
aapka har andaz hi anokha hai janaab

#msgincinemas finally that day is here. the day of eternal happiness. this earth will witness starting of a new era.
M thik hu.
meri aankho me b aansu aa gye haste haste . . lol ! ! !
sab ka Bhai meri Jan Salman khan
Days Smiles
bhai duva me yad.mahi
Salman bhai yr aap bhooot mast ho... ?
Muj ko ap sab ke dowa chahiye fans
ab aa bhi jao
#blockbustermsg dhan dhan satguru tera hi asra# sab ap ki hi lila hai pita ji sara khel ap ka hi racha hua hai
Har har modi ghar ghar modi modi ji aap cha gye congresiyo ke pet me dard ho raha hai apki yattra dekh ke
bhai mey aap ke saath hoon.....app ko shadi nahi karni mat kijiye.....jai jawan
good attempt to make indian railways more better.#railbudget2015
true :-d
Kaisan bani
ind in #cwc15 no of dropped catches 0/19 quite interesting record from blue men #indvsuae
saturday's ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151 . no surprise 151 got cancelled . http/URL
#celkoncheers4india winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. india will definitely win! hurray! #indvspak
Han or no extra monry
starting to think it may be acta now , but having a guy like hentgen would be great
rt harryinsan9: rt anamika843: #msgyouthicon gurmeetramrahim has made it possible to awake the sleeping 'humanity' within us all
eli manning best 4th quarter qb in the game !
bina kisi ko pata chale set karna ek art hai :p
awsome trailer <3
as salamolay kum vai jan
our popular cm is you . .
delhites have given "thumbs up" sign to 's approach of bottom to top ! #aapstorm #aapkidilli
we also need a tougher law against false rape cases against a woman
if you happen to come online , know that your mccurdians trended " jennette on ellen " for mccurdian monday :)
Bs yr bdiya
Hahahaha
#grooves (2300 pierce) this friday sept28th kendrick perkins nba back to camp party with and okc teammates | http/URL
today amit shah said : after modi govt . every indian is saving rs 1500 to 4500-/ per month , this shows inflation rate has been come down to 0-1% . now bjp worker must tell who is fooling to whom .
yoo....hit hitZ nd hits
very good picture from big don
woh bheek mangke waali line . . . . based on true events ! ! ! ! :-p :-d
Salu bhai main tek hun ap suna wo kia kr rhy ho.
The best ever
Are bohot bola mene di usko ki chal . Ek Hi tiket me ho jyga kam bhi .. Bolta ke project karega ..
Phr
Modi ji aap ko shat shat naman hai jo aap ne pure universe me apne hindustan ka parcham laharaya......
Usne bacha liya
haha . . bahut sahi bhai
it reminded me of another comics of ur when guddu says ye asia cup nhi h . hahahahahaha
Lol
very nice so
are mujhe pta hai bhulna bahut mushkil hota hai kuki ye sab meine bhi jhela hai do tarike hai ek aasaan aur ek mushkil 1- pehla bahar nikal ya phir koi ghar ke pas mein ek mast sa ladka dekh 15-20 din dekh apne aap bhul jayegi aur ho sakta hai ye wala use kafi acha ho 2- dusra agar kaam na kare to apne parents ke bare mein soch
dinner with my dad . and tony parker with a last second game winning shot . what a great night . . . just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow . . .
friday aug 17th we in new haven ct , for the kick back 7 . . . its a luau get your beach wear ready ! . . .
Yar.. Chee
hmm
lately , every day is an existential crisis where i am in a moral dilemma choosing between spending my last few rupees on daaru or sutta .
open dialog is cosponsoring with globes to present to you " searching for social justice " next wednesday at 6pm . http/URL
Adab adab arz hy bhai.
sir i have seen almost all videos of arwind kejriwal and kumar vishwas you both have been so kind to her . . . . but she is reflecting very badly doing self made story
Biryan acchi milti yha in bhopl
Tajikistan ne Gurudev Tagore,Mahatma Gandhi ki peetho ki sthapanaa karake Bharat k bhaavaatmak ekataa ko sudridh kiya h
guys please at least think that , after our mother , we grew up on her milk, whats big in that, she needs to be protected. #beefban
Hehe
have a great time tomorrow , and maybe can you come to belgium ? ! :d xx
the games i ordered that came out tuesday were going to shipped from nj so safe to say i'll be waiting a bit more till they get shipped .
itna computer dimag htte kese chada .
I love uuuuuii salman khaaan ;-);-);-);-)
and if you're from maryland , early voting has been extended until tomorrow at 9pm . please go vote !
car race , yai yaar kungfu , contra , spec mario , karateka , & the best one ninja turtles . . . . love those 64 bit games . . . .
onley aap
bade maje se ghuma karte the hum bhi , . , . ;-)
thats our pm- promise minister
Are baalikay
i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th . it has to be from someone amazing- for eg !
Main b accha hu
#cfc is the best of the premier league ! his overall ea sports player performance index score: 217 . (1st place) #matamagic
this is very accurate . check out yourself .
Ki dassa Kujh v das lae kudiye
bohut hui mahengai ki maar.ab bus bhi karo modi sarkaar. #unionbudget2015
just landed in las vegas ! ! ! so excited to start canvassing for obama tomorrow with and :) #getoutthevote
Sabaka bhai salu bhai
i can understand #rahulonleave . at least he works harder than the self proclaimed holier than thou prophet arvind kejriwal.
just caught the last few minutes of track endymion on great track to get ready for work with . its my friday ! !
when the best talent is on internship . . . . . . " sony is coming to tp this friday to look for student talents ! "
Jai hind maniyo pradhan manteri ji me sena bharti nhi hua lekin me desh ki sena ko salam karta hunJAI HIND JAI MATA KI
sir hum apka sath hain
boundaries after boundaries. rohit and kohli are tired no lazy to run between wickets. #indvsuae
sat here with a cuppa coffee , watching jeremy kyle with #lovely
1 . noel fielding comedy gala tonight :) 2 . work all day tomorrow 3 . granny smith festival that night
soo sweeet song
jay jay bajrngi bhai jaan
i'm excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at . . . http/URL
only ak sir lage raho aur sath dhyan dena ki samne wale bemani karne paye aur sarkari masinari unke hath me hai uska durupyog na karne paye jai hind jai aap jai ak
you earned my like :d .
he has that uniqueness to respond to a tough situation with ease . he does not involve himself much emotionally , and thats his quality . india are lucky to have a captain like dhoni .
Kuch khaya ?
Modi ji kale kuto Ka ilaj ker do bhut bimar hai
i have tkts to see plan b next feb- he has already announced his support acts- labrinth and rudimental ! ! ! ! this news has made me tres happy
very good anna
Jai shri krishna bhagwaan ji apko hamesha khush rakhe
runner on 2nd no outs , drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out . his fault not acta's
uff 100% true . . . . this will the kvians would know . . .
#42 I think I met the person I want to spend the rest of my life with )
Bhaijaan kaha ho aap..##plz baat karo..## meri beti aapki bahut bari fan hay..##
hatts off to indian cricket management who brought their team 4 months before worldcup to get use to of such condition. #indvssa #cwc15
Mahan bharat ka mahan beta har har modhi
Abe bhai ne sikahya tha agr tamik nai aati to bolte hai tamil teri yada Han malum hai Maje lera tha Tariyadi bolte h.. Precisely
sahi h ekdum . .
bitch please ! . . we have bat man out there to save us
were doing great up until the 3rd . . struggling a lot . harden and lin doing very well together . harden w/ 31 pts . so far .
nice
hur hur dabangg dabangg dabangg ..... Bajrangi bhaijan
Bahut bahut badhai ho bhai jaan aapki aane wali flim me hum logo ka sabka subh kamnaye.he
intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night .
Delhi University North Campus is a PARADISE ... It Rocks
Lage raho sallu bhai
so true but still government is felt with no options ! ! a very old line but yet so meaningful . if we want a change in our society then we must change our mentality first ! ! !
im a jr smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the 2nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas
bahut khub mere bhai . . . :)
har saal eid me ana dhoom machake jana
Jai hind modi ji
Teko kese pta? Beta joote khaoge? Tumne Hi btaya
modiji duniya k masiha he...kafi ku6 kiya he or aage bhi karna he....
kejriwal ji aapko bhut bhut bhdai delhi jeetne par
ye sab india mai hi ho sakta hi
bhai'great movie
higgins " great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight " " very young squad to play on sat "
Dhanyawad bhai
hahahaha jab koi harta hai to yeh hi bolta hai maza agaya ab hay mauqaaa mauqaaa :) :-d :-d :-d :-d
#blockbustermsg is not only super duper hit in india even also overseas...!!
Han kar liya
if india finish the target within 10overs, it will be the healthy run rate for it in the points table #indvsuae #cwc15
I blv u... Kp shining ma luv.. TZ luvs u.. :) :*
eid mubark salman bhai
A tribute to pathankot jeroes
india ne pakistan ka wo haal kar diya hai ki confusion ho rha hai ki cricket ka game hai football ! ! ! ! . . . :) guddu tum hi batao . . . . : :) :p
Badiya hun
watevr bt ds z nt gud ... cns smwhr smbdy z seeng u
Hahah...
Bro wassup
police me job ke leye v paisa dena parta hai to kya apna paisa wsol nhi krege aur sarkar ka v hal aysa hi hai phele pasa krch kro bad me kmo
watched #pk, movie with a very strong msg. everyone has to watch this!
aisee andhi mein bhi aap party ka ek bhi vidhayak bika nahi apni jagah se hila nahi .
Han
best post ever . . . . similar to my dreams . . .
Bajrang bali ki jai
if obama wins i am quite sure one of his 1st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with tehran .
Dongiri tb hogi jb salu bhai(Salman) nd GuRu bhai(Hemant) dono sath me honge..
hindustan ke dusre mhatma gandhi nerndr modi jee hai har har modi ghar ghar modi
although i'm not a big fan of ss , all my respects to mitch lucker . may you rest in peace .
Love u sir love u soo much urs I'ts beautyful vedio ...
i once borrowed a ruler from a girl in my class , used it to measure my penis and returned it back to her .
oye . . . maine aaj tak mario ki koi stage nai haari . . mauhala champion thi . . . ladkiya isme bhi awal
love uuuu sallluuuu
tears of the sun is wayyyyy better than act of valor
i watched it 4 the 1st time &amp; :-) . voted 4 it in the nta awards - best factual program . mite need 2 watch rest on itvplayer
soo sweet
cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack . time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow ! haha #insidejoke #sleep #goodnight
i totaly agree with the post . . teachers have no right to spoil students carrer now . . . .
jabatdast dost . . . . 1 page me rula diya yaar . . . . . kamaal hai . . . . superb nd hatss off to ur crearivity . . .
noel gallagher's hfb and kopparberg make for a damn near perfect saturday evening . it could only be 100% perfect if i was at a noel gig .
there was no handshake abigayle ? also when i come in tomorrow i expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there . . . good girl
1 . average age of our team is 0 . 4 years less than yours 2 . starting xi contained 4 1st team 3 . we can still win the treble
text from my dad: " you like charles dickens " 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list (too late for sunday) 2) why th surprise ? !
come on people , find this guy post a photo here ... we need to recognize several of our unsung heroes ! Find him on FB and even tag him if you can !
mines personal thinking tebow is better then flacco . i don't care how bad he played sunday
i'm singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow ! wish me luck ? any advice ? follow ? lol love you , niall
Lmfao
Kya bat kare aap se bhai sahb aap ne to apna wajod hi badal dia Fir bhi thanks for massage
bas bhai 24-25 ke lag rahe aap to .
so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day . i'm gonna eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day .
i think whole and fans wants today victory more than #cwc15 #indvspak
Hello launde
looking soo handsm???
just close your eyes the sun is going down you'll be alright no one can hurt you now come morning light you and i'll be safe and sound #np
Haa hme bharosha h bhai
i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr , and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason , but those are unhatched eggs
ashwin bowling well can be key man for india in wc specially in middle overs. #indvsuae
Kam karwa dunga
and the same station that will air new episodes of cougar town in january ! has been good to us , jordan . #pennycan
so sweet
mahatma gandhi ko sat sat naman .
acha hai ke bap banjaye ga
you beat them 5-1 in the san siro but terry henrys 3rd goal is world class . #nevermindpires !
khele hum ji jaan se, larenge hum dil se, jeetenge hum haq se, isiliye bhaiya #wcfirse #indvssa
sabki jaan salman khan.
agr tu meri mei ni aaya to pitega bht
Anand preparingg forg mainsg
Bhai je ram ram. Aur kaha ho 4 baj chuke h
i liked a video http/URL 17th grammys: paul simon and john lennon co-presenting the grammy for record of the
aapke ane se rangat badh gayi thi aur aap ka palda bhari pad gaya,ham delhi jeet rahe hai sir aur kal shyad ye bharat bhi
ground hog day is such a good film , sunday is for food and films #sunday
Ho gayi
Thodi or jagha ho to . . Call cntr b khol dena ak , logo ko job b mil jayge . . .
Kaisan ba
Han yaar kya karein
Superb mand bloing
in order to see #makeinindia a reality and provide employment #landacquisitionbill is necessary but should be cautious can be misused.
ash wednesday lyric~ she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it , well i want better than this . . .
nice pic dear
Bohot ache May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness. May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
you should attend champs this fri/sat/sun: top 12 roller derby teams in the world , we play indianapolis 8pm friday ! ! !
insha allah aaj moka aayega aur phatake phorenge :) #pakvsind #indvspak
. . . salaaa dil khush ho gaya padhke :p
get well soon
mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursday's show . . . i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory
but kejriwal will win definitely . . .
Jivit rahi.. Kya
A dream you dream alone is only a dream . A dream you dream together is a reality
it's monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris . oh man it's going to be a good day .
monday at town ballroom: richie hawtin with loco dice . dude is so awesome . tix still avail at http/URL http/URL
AJee sunte ho.......ab aaaaa bhi jaooooooooooooooo :)
kejriwal to 15 ko sapath lega kiran ji bipaksha ka neta chuni jaygi phir divate karegi .
after watching the campaign again i have realized that step brothers is still the funniest will ferrell movie but this one is in 2nd place
Bhai mein apka buhat bra fan hon pakistan,sindh,karachii
georgetown is the move tomorrow :)
ne bheja hai
raat bhar jaaga raha..tujhse she kahna chaha..mujhe tera ab bhi tera injaar Hai..mujhe ab bhi thujhse pyaar hai feeling ekta
salman khan ek achhe enshan hai mere bhai hai
no14 - den 34; peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday
maa-baap kya kya nahi karte apne bacche ko pass karane ke liye ! :p
danyavad bahi ji,shubharatri ji
just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the " hands that heal fashion show " nov 4th mr . reggie 404-246-9582
#158 : reply to #150 : . . i am pleased to say that i already cleared gate with a good score , and i can't wait to be a part of this community !
looper was amazing ! ! ! now to the theatre to see simon callow's 'the mystery of charles dickens' . . . loving my wednesday off work :-)
okkk
hey ! lauren (clarinet ! ) would like you all to know about this event hosted by bric ! hey everyone , so on sunday , . . . http/URL
this sunday . . . revenge , and a game winning td for kyle williams . we have already destroyed the last 2 teams and we'll keep rollin
adam levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the late show with david letterman on thursday (october 25) in new york city
he'll be the eli manning of the nba , they r both 2 of the best 4th quarter players in their sports #closer #killerinstinct #splapa
aise km krne k liye dimag chaye
luv garbage bin , each cartoon reminds me of my childhood . . . keep going , all the best
looks like andy the android may have had a little too much fun yesterday . http/URL
bhai pls kabhi mathura bhi aao na yaha apke diwane bhare pade hai .pls kabhi yaha bhi darshan do apke fans pagal ho jayenge apko dekhkr bhai
Mast
gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever
guddu bhai ki jai ho
good news he is going to be father
loving the opening debates rap game kathy crowley october 20 - bruno mars http/URL
ekdum sateek hai yaar . .
viva vijyeta bikul yaad hai . . . yahi toh woh subject tha jismai mere no . aate the . . . . . :)
Bs thk h
rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday #goodmood p . s . thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff ?
Namastey
Kar to liya
maa to maa hoti hai . . . sab se pyari
so happy hisd has no school tomorrow ! no student teaching in the morning ! !
dude sexual preferences apart , anybody who would be caught in the act will be joke of the day for months to come :p
#linsanity " jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut . that's the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career . "
it has been at least three months since i've heard an lmfao song . give it another month or two and i may once again venture outside .
best moments during using face book . . . . . . reading garbage bin
tonight's never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again :) can't wait to download it tomorrow
Happy republic day ma'am
movie day and some of grammy's hot chocolate tomorrow . . . #pleaseohplease
Aaj har nagarik ke man main ek hi chahat hai ki narendra modi kuch karenge.aaj haar yuba
aese mat bol yar kuch aisa kar k dikha k tere parents khud khe k ye hmari beti h .
bhaiyoon . . . . mujhe 2 abhi bhi aadat lagi hui hai . . . . mummy se paise mangne ke maze hi alag hain . . . love u ma
I love u salman khan love u love u love u love love u so mach
clemson plans to honor lattimore on saturday night . they are dedicating the final play of the duke game to him , when they take a knee .
Lega rhia purei takt k sath sbhi bharrt venseyo ki duaey ap k sath hai
hahah :-d acha hua mummy ka fb account nhi h vrna ye post dekh kr maar pdti bht
Kya bat hai bhai
it does nt matr whch colg u hav been admitted to , it matters how wel u score . . . everywhere ppl keep on saying status status . . bored of d fucking word status :|
fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november 9 ? it should be heavenly
as salam walekum salman g apke sab fan ko pata h k aal kavi v kisiko hrt nhi kar sakte ho allah se dua h k apko hr musibat se bachae or buri najar se v
save the date: 11/14 , we've got some surprises coming your way ! info on monday .
sir aap jeet rhay ho
wow.. umesh yaadav's right leg is playing better than his right hand.. boundary stopped. #indvspak
haha maja aa gaya me aise hi karta tha bachpan yaad aa gaya :)
at least there is hope coming around february . i'm looking at a team where jr smith is the x-factor .
bhai jaan humne suna hai jo apke kreeb hote hai ap unki har vis puri karte plz bhai ek baar mujhse baat kar lijiye g.e. bhai love u always
saturday , i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium ! i'm so happy !
last time they could not fetch enough to govern . dear ak once you win pls do not forget promises .
bhai guddu ko aaj-kal kya ho gaya hai ! ! ! gag pe gag ! ! ! acchee din aa gaye ! ! ! :p
pdai kaisi chl rhi h
happy valentine's day ! ! ! everyday is the 14th !
thinking neighbors probably don't have work tomorrow . so , it's cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night , yeah ?
mere toh aansu aa gaye ;(
blessed is the heart that bends , it will never be broken--- lucas scott good pre-bedtime oth after a busy day ! can't wait for tomorrow #zzzz
Sab badiya hai!!
apparently tomorrow is nation kissing day . ladies , you're more than welcome to stop by .
jai ho !
koi kuch bhi kahe lekin delhi main bjp hi jeetegi .
Bahut sundar. Hardik subhkamnaye
heads off . .
mahan bibhutiyo ko naman karna sacchi dhridhata ka sabse anmol marg hai .aapko sadar naman
its not guddu's fault . . . . . prestige ka hi toh sentence bnaya usne . . . . .
-_- mei b kho gaya tha
greenbrier &amp; summers counties have just been placed under a winter storm watch for monday night through tuesday . . . http/URL
gautham jeetega .
Ramzan ka mahina dil khol kar Ibadat karo
hahaha pili vali se jyada acchi lagti thi kali vali
NAMASTEY
Gn
i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay ! i didn't see you , wednesday . :)
imo with gagner as you develop depth , 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre .
" senran kagura for ps vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the 3ds counterpart " .
kyunki chunav ke baad 5 saal aap/delhi ki seva karne wale hain..
at its best now!! loving his variations in bowling! #indvsuae
NEW YER
#railbudget2015 budget day is like new year resolutions. very promising on first day and won't care to remember a day after.
first time listing to red: " does this diva think she's avril lavigne ? " 2nd - 54th time: can't . stop . listening .
nikhil bro . . . . . ye dekh chhota girendra =d
just close your eyes the sun is going down . you'll be alright no one can hurt you now . the morning light you and i will be safe and sound . . .
halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year's eve and super bowl sunday
Bhai jaan ... plz ek bar mera name typ kr k hiii bol do plzzzzz bhai?
jab aap ise saaf rakhogey, aapne ghar ke tarah #railbudget2015
all the very best girl . . . but always remember that u r the best . . the awesomest the way u r . . . . :)
lekin fir bhi ye time sab se acha tha <3 ^__^
rt be a part of humanity work and spread love among all is what makes #msg3successfulweeks
kuch karna se pehla soch kar karna
Ka padh ra h ?
awsum . . . . . last one i was like guddu during my school days . . . .
feels like super bowl sunday waiting for the big tnf game tonight ! what's everyone doing for kc v sd ? ! ? #cantcontainexcitement
Luv to do that this weekend.
it was not happen in my school . my school teachers are awesome . when we hv any query we go frankly in staff room & our tchr's nvr deny . i miss my school days !
kash police bhi aisa hi kam karne lage to kya bat ho sone pe suhaga ho jaye . sumit aapne desh ka name uncha kr diya bhayi
sag for life: stacey , april , gabriel irieapril #mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe ! north star ballroom http/URL
kya guddu bhai ek dum jhakas , :) kya din the vo bhi ,
exactly correct 4game like mario , road race , duck hunt
that movie flight with denzel looks really good ! may have to go check it out
west ham have scored eight times in andy carroll's three starts . he may not be scoring yet , but he's making it easier for others to score .
preseason ! basketball ! #kubball mt cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night .
Arre its ka bhej .. Jisme kar rha h
tiranga should be declared as our national movie .
arvind ki jai ho
congrats team india for magnificent win in first match of icc world cup 2015....well done...bring cup soon in india#indvspak#cwc15
best time is in mba , where you can have coffe with teachers
or bhi bahut kuch free
Rammam bhai
aaj to jitna hai .
lauren , sweetheart , how was your day on this wonderful thursday ? :) . . . . . that better - . -
#msgincinemas chand taron se milaye tera chehra kaise,yeh kashish na dekhi kabhi chand mei,na sitaron mei...diwani hun apki
yoooo . . nice modification admin . . . game of thrones is really awesome btw . . ! !
Mera beta aap ko bahot pasand krta hai
are zarur sallu kamaal krte ho
Bhaijaan baat se palat gaye...... yeh aapki fitrat mai nai ho sakta.... aapka P.A naam kharaab kar rha hai aapka
#india won the toss. we have already won the match :p #indvspak #wc
so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran #americascup world series . watch it fri 0930 on ss4 . . .
Prabhanshu bhyya wala saman leke aiyo yad se$hi .. Na to mera dimag chaat jayga fr se$hi ...
http://t.co/rwjjyt09d8 - stunning redeems himself after dhoom3 contines to weave magic.. comments pls
Yes i knw u r a gener0us n p0stv prsn i belev tht c0z i felt n obsrvd tht:-)
just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with and tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3
dhoti phaad ke rumal kar diya yaar :)
speechless
#shamitabh stereophonic sannata..... crass cacophony, but got addicted on repeated listening.
Hi Di..
we supported aap
waqt sahi, nirnay sahi, sachi mein sahi waqt par sahi nirnay lenevala hamare saath hai tho, hamare bharath ko our bharat vaasiyon ko our kya chahiye sir ji. hum sab aapke saath hai sir ji.
is baar shaan bhai bach gaye . . ! ! :p
ticket prices go up friday ! get your tickets tomorrow ! ! at the murphy center ticket office ! you don't wanna miss this years #mtsustepshow
free air
dam . cant wait to get back . i come home tomorrow night , but leave the next day for elon university in nc
parsons also confirmed w/ tw reporter abt jlin's popularity , also 'promised' he'll visit taiwan next yr http/URL
Sir sab ko pata hai na aap kise ka bura krta Ho or na kise ka bura chahta ho loveyou
best is mario
bst Of luck dear salman khan ..............<3
Ham log apane aap ko bhagy sali samajte hai ki desh ko aap jaise PM mile jay hind
twilight zone inning ? ground hog day inning . may go on 4ever . . . . just keeping hittin' him #rays !
gazzab yaar ye guddu bhi na ekdum mast banda hai :)
Bharat mata ki jai
Apna liya toh saab jetha hai dusra kai liya jina wala koh farista kahatai hai
have you filmed jonathan ross yet ? ? ? can't wait to see it on sat ! :) xxx
Days Good Times
i still have one of them :-p
Ya allaha sab ko sahe rasta dikha
wat a acting :p
good morning bomb squad family ! i hope you all have a lovely saturday !
maa to lazawaab hai hamesha hi
big game for tomorrow , away vs the knicks at msg . personally think knicks will win . . . first game , msg crowd , sandy disaster . . .
i may have an android phone by the time i get back to school ! :)
Leta rahta hun
kya pagalpanti hai . . . ghar se bhag jana kisi problem ka solution nahi hai . . . be brave yaar . . . aur sach bata de sabi ko .
celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night . . keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha
getting my xbox back tomorrow ! honestly can't wait ! - my friends wants a competitive 3v3 , see if cole is up for it man !
man of the millennium
kb aayega
i ate so many melodies trying to find out the reason behing it being so chocolatey :)
Join plzz if u love some 1 Truly . . . https //m.facebook.com/profile.php?id=373981269292472&refid=5
i convinced a friend that crime patrol has been renamed as crime diesel because of rising petrol prices .
For the morning iz bright and free from terrors -P
Modi ji desh ke kanun me kuch Sridhar karyein
this sunday , come watch the ravens take on the browns , and help support the baltimore humane society ! captain . . . http/URL
throwback thursday ! daddy and joe pa ! rip to , in my eyes , still the most winningest coach in college footbal http/URL
#factsaboutme when i was born . on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year . immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :d
mastar mind men
a reminder to all hong kong optimist sailors: you must pre-book your prizegiving curry buffet for sunday . deadline . . . http/URL
great emphasis on environment friendly practices railways to use paperless ticketing and introduce hand held device for ttes #railbudget2015
some of the calgary runners heading to nyc are going to be cleaning up debris on friday at rockaway beach . great story .
the woman in black - the legendary ghost thriller , touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november &amp; december . more . . . http/URL
acha h bhai
yippee ! ! ! friends i got free 3gb 3g mobile internet for 1 month in just 2 minute stuff .
how badly i miss andy carroll . knowing that the derby game is tomorrow , he always played very well and scored against blue noses .
i preordered it on thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order , love you and frankie . x http/URL
test will be negetive smarty . . . . . best of luck :)
agar desh & delhi ko bachana hai mere pyare sathio to kewal modiji aur modiji hi bacha sakte hai kewal aapsabhi b j p ko vote de mai ek fouji hun aur main achhaee tarah se samjha sakta hu ki is desh ka vikas kewal modisir kar sakte hai aur fir aapsabhi delhi ke bhaieo se meri hath jodker prathana hai ki bjp ko vote de jai hind
#1dfacts on the 21st of february 2012 , at 8:39pm on table 74 , one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single
like larry bird in the ole' 3pt contest . . . tonight at the alfred e . smith dinner #romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it . #obamafailed
awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today , excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht . . . previews coming soon . . . .
waaahhhhh kyaaaaaa baaattt
Aap Hindutva kabhi na bhuliyega
Salman bhai bharosa hai aap par..
aam aadami party bipaksh k layak sahi he
missss u salman
hey guys garbage bin: you are too close to reality and always reminds me my old days ;)
watney fires 61 to win cimb classic: nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic . . . http/URL
" brandon weeden is going to be a player someday . he's not right now " - ron jaworski just now on sunday nfl countdown #countdowntokickoff
we r wid u arvind kejriwal
anna ji ne sahi kaha hai
Hello ji Chal bye Class hai
rt #msg3successfulweeks this shows how the movie goes to hit several records bravooo #msgrevolution
hamaare duvaa aapke saath he bhijaan ham aapke leye kuch bhe kr sakte he
bahut pasand aaya
today is the beginning of a new realm in politics! #honest #transparent #app #delhidecides #mufflermanreturns
happy halloween ! ! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen . get to take my boys out tonight ! yay ! !
northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale; sale of elite female holstein &amp; jerseys ! a real treat of a sale ! no trick !
modi ji jay ram ji ki
Good ??
awesome acting (y) :p
dont be so sure . for all you know , his webcam may be on and you may be famous on youtube already !
Salman mere jaan muuuhhhhhhaaa
rt ji pita ji thx.... we r going to watch first day first show dad... love u so much #msgincinemas
dad u r loooookiiiiiing truuuuuue lovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeee chargerrrrrr woooooooooooooooouuuuw #blockbustermsg #msgincinemas
ye guddu to hamare bachpan ki rag rag se waakif h aaaaayyyyiiii
aap bahut sundar h
Modi mission : 2 establish world brotherhood...grt man grt thinking Modi : a boon 2 earth
Salman sir...<3
lol you mean pronounce it ? idk either . . hmm . . . i like to say it like 'hair-may' or 'hair-mess' lmfao idk okay . xd
Assalam walaikum.Kaise ho salman khan.Ramzan Mubarak hu....
Nayi bike ..
tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring . #stressful
good guddu sahi ja rha h . ladka tarki me hai ;)
koi kuchh bhi kar le , ak jitega bhai .
but there is no provision of alternate land in #landacquisitionbill ,ask govt to add that provision &amp; i will support the bill.
richie hawtin - monday night - buffalo town ballroom - don't miss it !
Han han
today (july 28th '12) is milk chocolate day . bring it on . #milkchocolateday http/URL
i think aap should troll bjp by saying evm machines in bjp won areas were tampered with. lol. #aapsweep
hlo salman sir
Abki baar phir modi sarkar
Thk h
agar dono me se ek bhi smjhdar ho to kuch b work kar sakta hai 8)
it's our 6th birthday ! ! ! ! ! reggie your the best partner ever ! ! ! ! we would like to thank all of our brides who . . . http/URL
breaking . . apparently jeremy kyle is set to star in the 7th star wars film by disney . he's going to try and find luke's real father .
superlike :d
Modi ji apne ye to kaha diya ki Jo saksham hai vo subsiti na le Main sahamat hoo per please Ek bar himmat juta ker bol dijiye Jo saksham hai vo arakshan na le
calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season ! can't wait to get some early racing done #altitude #paceit
i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember
you sound like will ferrell on old school . " got a big day tomorrow " ! #soundsexciting #classic
ghalib ne ye keh kar, tod di maala, gin kar kyon naam loon uska, jo behisaab deta hai.......... #unionbudget2015 #superbudget
good job sir i proud of you
pratiyogita darpan (y)
thanks
kunal see people copy my plans . . . \m/ lol
dekh liya bhaijaan.. mast h
just thinking about couple days i had in august; stone roses one night then kasabian , noel g and the cribs the next . doesn't get much better
i still have a lot of candy left anyone want tomorrow :')
safe and sound at #flibs we'll be all over the docks tomorrow !
jay hind
konami se manyata praapt . . . . hahahaha bohot hi bdhiya
i still remember that papa used to make my projects and once made a project titled " gram panchayat " and it won me 10/10 marks . . . u made my day . . . thanks a lot :)
we get to dress up in halloween costumes on wednesday . sophia grace and rosie in the building ladies and gentleman .
not to be overlooked by sandy , a summery mid-upper 70s with sunshine today in cny . record high of 79 set in buffalo . more warmth friday !
got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning , a game between schalke &amp; bayern that marked the end of germany's greatest ever side .
wow great man
free water
3 . sabhi mantriyo ko unke yogyata aur imadari ke aadhar par mantri banaya
ek dum sahi
keep yr eyes open for incursion . it may not be spartacus , but it's going to be out of this world :-)
Han to Maine kab bola ki tu milegi jab main aaunga
i still got couple of them . . . in working condition :p
still remember those days when i was a kid and mom would bring popcorn , peanuts , rebri and we all would sit and watch those new year special tv shows ! ! !
okay , okay . . . saturday ot just became worth it . . . someone came with porto's cheese rolls ! yum !
maria in a good humour ofcourse
all ricky martin's fans interested in joining sips , you are welcome to do so . theme mustache 20oct sat tag under #sexysoulsinterestingpics
Eid Mubarak bajrangi bhijaan
acha
shamitabh releases today! really liked the movie. gr8 acting and storyline. https://t.co/velnqagrlr http://t.co/sxxgsyfnuz
shaquille o'neal all-star comedy jam dar constitution hall sat . 8pm nov 3 , 2012 washington dc . . looks like it will be a great show ! !
bhai uth khada ho dekh fir tu kya karta hai kar itna khud ko itna buland k zamana tere kadmon mein gira padta hai
Bhai is bar Eid aap ka chera dekh kar Ho gi .kab 17 tarikh aaye iam waiting
hold out hope for valentine , he may win manager of the year
aap manifesto speaks a lot about your vision of delhi . go ahead may god bless you to fulfill peoples dream .
kya
shan ke paas wala billu ki yaad dila riya hai . . p
safe and sound at narita airport ! feels good to be back at the land of rising sun
modi sir ko namo namo.humko garb hotahe kiuki humare matrubhumi ne yesa birpurus ko janam diyahe.
chitra ki kunjiyaan toh nhi lekin mere school mein nand lal daya ram ki kunjiyon ki daya se bahut bacche pass hue hai exam mein . . . :-p
nich bhai g
modi ji aage badho pura desh aapke ssath hai.
kiram bedi is delhi c . m 100% sure
in a plane on the way to bombay after a few years ! i'm gonna be walking around aimlessly sometime in the next couple of days ;)
Sir i love u. MAIN aapka bhot bada faan hun,sir. Aap jo T-shart pehnte ho mujhe dedo Sir. Main HARYANA se hun Sir ji.my No. Sir 9991865726
bhai mujhe aapki film bajrangi bhaijaan ke gaane bhaut pasand aye
Thk h
dishonoured is awesome ! not quite sure where to rank it . journey and walking dead are one and two . i think it's 4th behind mass effect 3 .
And lemme know.
work harder . . . oh god . aaah aaahh . harder oh my god . . aah :p :p
#aapsweep safety of women was a decisive factor in this election &amp; bjp rable rousers modi's silence freaked people out
good news i bought candy today , bringing some on tues . if it lasts
Ram ram
Kash kabhi aap humay samjh patay dosti karna ashan hai nibhana mushkil I love you salman khan
sweater ko kamar pe bandh ke ghumne ka tashan :p
obama is good for israel: tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president . . . http/URL
man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence (afc) in the league (conceded 0 . 67 p/game) against the best attack (utd) (scored 2 . 67 p/game)
love these toons . awesome work man .
i'm ok with tradeoff with good compensation to farmers. if our youth gets plenty of job opportunities. #landacquisitionbill
rt #blockbustermsg #mustwatchmsg ..it should be declared as best movie in all award function
wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic . man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd .
pooja k
i'm hosting the day party spartacus friday from 2-6 and then spy in raleigh that night !
good to see #ind taking this match seriously.#indvsuae that's what #champs do.
" all aboard . . . 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there . . #tweet_yah_later " enjoy
thoda der se aayaa par zabardast aaya
stick to college hoops &amp; pandering to 2nd rate acc teams . . . dook's opening game is right around the corner , baybeeee ! !
david letterman had an interesting show on monday . he is located in new york city . because of the hurricane he . . . http/URL
rt http://t.co/psxwncve8f. why #rahulonleave is a grt opportunity for congress to make it permanent. only in
sabhi doston ko ganatantra divas ki shubhkamnayen .
catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church . all the saints defended the church ! !
in south korea ? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow . join us at . . . . http/URL
\ " There is ample time and opportunity for creative expression in whatever area I choose . \ " . . What is your favorite way to express your creativity ?. Louise L Hay
ahh me too :) if you like rella you'll like " ny ( ned flanders) " . . . it's the 3rd song on vol . 2 !
okkk
Salman sir aapki movie hit hogi
achha bhawna tab to ayisa mai bhi karta hu
mere man ki baat . . . bharat ke achche bhavishya ke liye aap
Bahot ho chuki hain teri dillagi chale bhi aao abb shyam dhalne lagi.. :-)
perfect weather to finish a great week . saw noel fielding's show thursday at the ath . meeting him would have made the week perfect !
ty for making me a woman ! ! ! ! said at constitution hall saturday dont ever ever ever ever let someone make u feel like shit
victory of determination and aim of a corruption free india makes me happy from core of my heart #aapkidelhi #aapsweep
Kya hua mami g ko?
abhi$hi hui shopping
i support #maharashtra #beefban but we need to ditch meat altogether! retweet http://t.co/mxk58i1a5j
enjoying my 1st time on caltrain - bikes on the 1st floor , passengers on the 2nd floor . http/URL
u both hv only option nw . . . jst b frnds n hlp each other in evry problm . :)
Bhai maa aap ka sabse bada fan puri duniya mein aur bhai jodhpur sha ho
awesome talk from awesome in the star apprentice class tonite on social media ! just in time for super tuesday !
Gud luk bro
#twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata ! ! ! http/URL
chhutti maar di aaj
shakti siddharth anoop sudhanshu dream come true :p
free car
Modi ji ek aise shashank hai jo wacky ki hindustan ko hindustan he bana rahi hai ab jaake hindustan taraqqi kar raha hai I love modi sarkar
slman plzz m apse milna chahti hu....apko ek bar dekhna chahti hu..m apki bot bdi fan hu dil se...reaallyy i like u..i like ur natur..
Mehak ho GUCCI jaise
the two lukes (austen and dickens) playing at nelson bay diggers club this friday 2/11 . go check 'em out if you live in the area . .
#railbudget2015 na chand doonga na taare doonga jo vaada kiya tha woh saare doonga nazar aayega sabko dheere dheere main aise nazare dunga
grt step 4grt relation...nic job sir
jai ho bharat ki
machine gun kelly concert tomorrow with the best sister in the world (: #girltime #realtalk (:
Hahahaha
Humari dua apke sath hai bhaijaan apko kuch nhiho sakta
Sub ka bhai salman bhai
taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th ? most perf news i've heard all night .
so sweet is that yr
waooo abp walo ne dwa khridi ab abp k ghr m ramdev ka beta paida hoga . . . hahahahahha
Na bhai.. Wo t 0 baje se Hi shuru hojata hai
VHi khush raho
Abitna bhi kya sharmana
good guddu sahi ja rha h . ladka tarki me hai ;) :)
ash wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol
the wave of change started by msg is too strong. it has brought a tsunami of goodness. #msg3successfulweeks
bhai ye gag toh 26 se pehle post marte . . . mast h . .
humari to diwali manane ki aadat hi ho gayi hai . . . . . . . burrrrhahahahahahaa
i'm like . . why the fuck " happy valentines day " is trending on the 12th of june ? but anyways , i just knew that it is celebrated in brasil . xx
I love Salman khan i love india
why would you still wear shorts when it's this cold ? ! i love how britain see's a bit of sun and they're like 'oooh let's strip ! '
good
Pak foje zinda bad <3
- another example of a good college player who had a great week at senior bowl to ease concerns about toughs &amp; get into 1st round
salman bhai jan
hey sue . so excited to see you at wppi u tomorrow . we're coming don canada and would love to buy you a drink .
im working as an employee but still my mom gave me 50 or 100 rs whenever i left from home .
absolute comparison .
can't believe is only 2 days older than me ! can't wait to see him again tomorrow with at fort canning , singapore ! !
anna ji aap agar sath aaye dilli nahni valki hindustan ko bjp aur congress mukt kar dengei
just saw jennifer hudson on 26th street she looks great ! ! super skinny
guddu got erection . . . . . bachhe ki umar kya hai vaise . . . . . :p
#entrepreneur #angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / super bowl sunday treat http/URL
shahrukh ban jaa aur usse dhund ... wo pari wo apsara dilnasheen dilchura kho gai .....
acha acha. . . smja
muse on jonathan ross brilliant . we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records
Hee
Salman aapse milne ke liye Hume kya kare
october 17th - november 3rd , don't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black ! ! http/URL
KARTIKEY KUMAR modi hi des ko ag bada sakate hai
so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite #wuwbb ladies &amp;
wildcat madness tomorrow ! community pep rally ! bell game ! hope to see you all there !
H hehe
ben amos doing well hull city . another clean sheet v charlton . he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team f'ball . #mufc
jai bajrang bali..
modi ji pakishtan ko muhtod jabab dena hoga
Bhai kamal k jodi hoge ap 3nun ki.
saturday night live jeopardy skits with will ferrell &gt;
historical day for indian democracy. congrats delhi. #aapsweep #delhidecides
gotta love being catholic , sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday . i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole " pay " for sin
pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown ! women's preview: http/URL | men's preview: http/URL
absolutely
i'm with you on mass effect 3 . thats goty for me so far . still waiting on my other two , but one may be persona 4 arena .
Han
nice salman bro
omg l ki power , lol lol
bus maa hi sab samjhti hai . . . ye guddu hamesha maa ki yaad dilata hai . . . :'(
rt #msg3successfulweeks is a sign that humanity is still alive within millions with the grace of god
plzz slaman jrur aana onlin or plzz jrur baat krna apne fans se plzzz..plzzzz...
#indvssa 7th wicket gone for sa!!!!!! brilliant bowling by ashwin!!!!
I will
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to #egypt
i haven't seen it yet , but alan rickman is permanently awesome , so i may have to .
Hehe
Heheh Jb milna ho to bta diyo H naa Bahutosh k ghr hota hua mil lunga
wo bahut busy hai kisi kaam me hoge is liye nahi aaye socha hoga tab tak kam pura ho jayega but nahi ho paya hoga kaam pura to nahi aa paye
happy republic day to all the indians . may your country prosper and may you continue to provide the world with your beautiful sports competitions like the ipl and the football league
salute you
did you greet josh bradley last sunday , his bday ? i hope . i love your loveteam !
shabaash guddu :p
jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight , hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tuesday
#surface the florida mall , orlando , fl is the closest $msft store to me . ;-) can't wait to be there tomorrow !
bhaijaan aap awesome hi
we haven't talked about it yet . however , we are very excited about the jan revolution heifer calf that is inside of her .
ek dum tayyar
but does anyone wanna go to boston with me tomorrow to see richie hawtin and loco dice perform ? #cntrltour
i wish mitt quit all this lying about what they can do . if mr was such a great leader he would've sought a 2nd term in mass .
most awaited day for watching tv
i think i met the person i want to spend the rest of my life with :)
kya garbage bin , aankhen taras gyi the apka gag padhne k liye . jaldi jaldi aya karo na
-( . . Khuda se mang kar laye the umar-e-draz char din ,. . Khuda se mang kar laye the umar-e-draz char din ... . Do aarzoo me guzar gaye aur do intezaar me ..
modi ji this is time for change
bajrangi bhai jan ke liye dil se subhkamnaye sir
dum tha brain mai
Hlw,bajrangi bhaijaan
Mananiy & sammananiy narendra modi ji is yug k Aap Lauh Purush hai mujhe aap par garv hai Aapko koti-koti Naman
Hahaha
i am hoping we will rise up again . and make tomorrow a better day ! hercules for president !
it's nov 2nd , at mumbai int'l airport with . leaving india in 2 hours . mixed bag of feelings . #timeflies #bittersweet
Haa lag hi gya Are bhai Bohot kaala sona hai Jaha jao waha
great job
hi elif greetings from usa midwest how is school going ? happy turkish republic day ! i can't wait for nov 8 #newglee yes !
#shamitabh trailer dekha. dum hai boss.
another beauty of a day in athens , greece . i trust you'll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are . much love .
i love this garbage bin . .
arre bohot hi umda bhaisahab . . haste haste pakaude lag gaye . . . :d
this might not be the case daily but teachers are also human , and i don't thinks its an insult , even they need to chill out and they do , doesn't mean the don't care about students .
nick diaz is da best ! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade ! fuck yeah !
excited about the bump in ram for raspberry pi . such a nice surprise for a monday . : )
bada maza aata jablast pic me guddu ko sardi ho jati aur maa pyaar se garamaa-garam soup bhi pila rhi hoti :)
dis #msgrevolution is nt bounded only to india rather its growing, its nourishing the whole world...thanks g #msgyouthicon
really this one is nice movie n nice song . . .
Kya haal
join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickens's a christmas carol . 11/1 6-7pm .
Ha yar kar liya .
bhai ye naam udbilaoo kaha se sucha :d jabardasth hai ! ! bhai ye naam tumhare dimag me first time kaise ayaaa iske piche ka secret btaooo !
itni relliy kar rahe hai modi ji
Regards
support: we're excited that stan walker &amp; advocates are running for the kids the sun-herald city2surf soon ! . . . http/URL
har har kejariwal
#error404 hit a minor roadblock writing #thetwitterati anyway will continue soon. #icc great matches till date can't wait for #indvsuae !!!!
maybe just trying to be friend . . . . . could be of great help would do your assignments for free ;)
haye Sallu....tussi gr8 ho........
best part of everyone life . . . . mom always cares . . . .
lagta hai tere maa baap nai bataya nai ki 1857 ki kranti kyu hui thi #beefban #waitingforgabbarlook
then he makes his first career field goal for edmonton on november 1 . what a year .
Onlyg cashg
10 point agenda on woman safety ! ! ! #5saalkejriwal
goindiago!! we won the toss &amp; match will also.... #indvssa
gautam gulati is viner
prayer with amazing men of god this morning , grocery shopping , arrival of my [2nd] pokemon shirt , and purchased big l's first album . #cool
i would like to trade president's day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july 5th please .
Joy hind, Varot mata ki joy
kpop: will psy be the first korean to win a grammy ? : psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards . gangnam sty . . . http/URL
the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i've been to clubbing . and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me
Dhanyawad
i love garbage bin
Haha
rt with the overwhelming support of the nation youth, #msgthefilm reaching towards its goal #msg3successfulweeks
good luck kejriwal
inborn quality of every child
Bhadiyq bhai ekdm achi h wo to
a big congrats to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf .
haan sahi hai
" success saturday " - having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration ! wood cofield maddox
cmon fm impress me...excited for the union budget after a long long time ! #makeinindiabudget #unionbudget2015 #mygovt
hi , memi ! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag ! would you be available for a sun . , any sun , in dec rather than nov 4th ? i just learned . . .
gonna ride the love train tomorrow . . dig it . . . soul train . . . ojays . . bad ass . . . do it . . . http/URL
trueeeeeeee . . . . . . i love u mom
ram ram
cant bud going to kentucky . if you wait till sunday fun day id like to go .
#aapsweep delhi election becoz they promise reduce power price and i can sleep peacefully in ac. #aapstorm #delhidecides z-plus modi
headlines in n . o . paper tomorrow . denver run all over the aints ! ! ! !
amazing rent it for gennus world record
oh it was a good cry . she's a blake fan &amp; was so happy taylor didn't win for the 3rd year in a row .
you going to the bell game tomorrow . ?
with #aapsweep &amp; #aapstorm the new experiment has wings, and rather huge wings. congratulations and all the best!
Lambe samay ke baad desh ko ek samarth n samarthyavan neta mila hai jo videsho me bhi lokpriya hai.
Sahi pakde h bhaijaan
Salman bhai abhi tak wait kar rha hu apka
rt whatever but pakistan is at the last position in pool b. #uae must be happy for that. #indvsuae
happy republic day to all . . . saare jahan se achchha hindustaan humaara . . . . ! ! ! #respect
ab main hasun ga . .
Meri akhri khosies h Ek br tujse sirf milna chate bs
#msgincinemas pita ji sadbudhi dena ji..sbhi burayiyo ko khtm krdo mere malik.. dhan dhan sat guru tera hi aasra ji..
Ram ram ji
awesome response guys ! the correct answer is: sam gagner and brendan smith . all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday ! #jt
zindagi bhar intezar bhaiiiii.....is duniya mein sirf aap ke liye
baki sab bakwas hai ek baar try jarur kare khud kre auro ko v bheje
the clippers are playing the cavaliers on monday and are having a night to honor israel ! :) wish you were in la still .
never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow . . . . . . tomorrow never comes . . . . if it means anything to u , act now ! #getafterit
jindabaad
ye bachcho ke khelne ka game nhi hai bachcheyyyyyyyy . . . . . . . . :)
Aslma alikum bhai jaan
welcome nick j ! : " ) " in manila ! so excited for the show on friday .
Love u mere swttuuuu... Muuaah muaah muah .. Tum ho toh me hoo... Ek pal milneki chahat se umid banih, aur umid se jindahoo me... Tere lye bas tu hi tu hai...
#msgrevolution #msgyouthicon today watch movie 3rd time . every time whenever see movie happiness increases
Aajao na bhai kahe sarma rhe ho
Okays
Sallu Bhai maza aa gya
love u vaijaan, always aapki intezar main rahtahu,,aapki ek zalak or aapki movie ka intajer main rahtahu.........Allah aapko khush rakhe or salamaat rakhe esi dua kartahu.....Ameen
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness. May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
wow nice smile i like ur smile
salmaaaan........bhaijaaaaannnn...jindabad
fm being labelled deserter to being crowned d cm, wat a comeback! #5saalkejriwal #aapstorm #delhidecides
endymion may have set the greek mythology and olympic record for sleep , full of sweet dreams , and health , and quiet breathing .
Are koi Ni krta bhai preshan muje
totaly agree with akansha . . . . . just go to her take her ina place whr u can talk her freely . . . . . just knee down and say sorry with ur loving expression just mind one thing whn u say sorry so u should express all the love you do to her in ur face okk . . (y)
bhai jan kya baaaat haiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
Wah. kya kehne!
" im sooo glad we dont have school monday , imaaa sleep all day man . " we don't ! ! ? ? ? ? ?
shaan is awesome . .
ever since uncharted 3 and mass effect 3 , i've been weary of third games . then again this is technically the 5th . can't wait !
To tu rc Ni aara ??
#unionbudget2015 may,save few tidbits,be above our reach but it surely looked forward to growth &amp; liberalization though for corporates only.
and i thought i was the only one who did that . . . really a good one :)
friday is cold but here . how are you guys doing ? win evanescence tickets plus stone sour's new album in about 15 minutes . . .
jai ho bharat mata ki w hamari sanskriti ki jo videshi bhi apnate hai
i love nz was there in feb have friends with vineyard which is useful ! ! in nelson lovely part of nz !
sony's putting out a new ps3 firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps3 . about ****ing time , sony .
koi v jeeta bas kaam hona caahey sab ka
Modiji to apne desh ko aage le jane ke liye bhut kuch kr rhe hai ab desh ke youngest ko jag ne ki bari hai ..... jay hind
Masha allah bahot ache lgre ho buri nazar se bachaye allah aapko.
broom's sweep builds delhi's hope! #aapsweep
greeting kobe is to mainstream ! so i'll just greet jeremy lin , happy 24th birthday jlin :))))
aapki movie 350 crore kamai karegi
thanks to jesus , cvs , my mom &amp; my mary . . . i was able to kick this flu in 1 week ! now to make it w/out my maryjane until monday ! #struggles
i'm so excited i'm gonna meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan 12 . can't wait ! ! ! ! http/URL
this is politically correct move by #aap first refused support &amp; did exactly the opposite. #aapsweep #aapstorm. http://t.co/h7elc0qgw1.
Bs acchi honi chahye
he he he pitaayi ke beech mein bhi luncher paaji kha hi rahe hain :p :p epic :)
Vdya
sahi baat h bhai.. qki sbka malik ek
Salman bhai aap kamal ho
very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee and i loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu bhai jaan
bharat ko vishwa guru banne se koi nahi rok sakta......vande matram
Ab aa bhi jao bhaijaan
Eid mobarak bhaijaan kyse ho serkhan kab aega bhai
ye anna chutiya hai . . . . . . lekin voter bahot hi samjhdar hai . . . . aadmi ka anda denewale ki bato me nhi aayenge . . . . .
Faad bhai faad ....att kara ti . Sirra acting kiti a . Maza aa gya . #bhai to jaan hai
now that #aap has won 67 seats delhi assembly can also be called at #kejriwal 's house!!#aapsweep
well done man u r a real hero not that srk
wow . . ! ! users now get free mobile recharge of rs . 350 in just 2 minutes .
Swachchh bharat aviyaan ke liye danyabaad....
school ka celebration . . can't forget . .
Bhai ek bar hamse bat karlo cuz hame ek achievement mil jayega apse bat karne ka
it's november 1 so you know what that means . you'll see valentine's day stuff at walmart soon . #celebratetherightholiday
Ek ch bhai salman bhai
contra mein double player khelte waqt jab kisi ki chaal khatm ho jati thi toh c ka button dabakr saath wale ki chaal utarne ka maza hi kuchh aur hua karta tha . . . .
well-said ! rt@someUSER " dook football , even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days . #unc "
porto is even more amazing as the sun sets . . . http/URL
Haha
Bhaijan eid Mubarak Aap ko pyaar karty ho
ee toh lolwa ho gaya . . :d :p
Wah maja aa gaya.
uh football boys . . . win tomorrow so we can run it in becky's face that she wasn't there .
But hmko habitnhi h nwa ??
listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank x . walker who present his works at murray state on november 1 . #soundsgood
ek baar jarur try kare . . ,
it's now or never , ita now or never ! that is why he is the best of his kind . may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis 52 #thegreatest
final mai guddu bilkul apni zagah se hilba mat . . 10 wkt se zitenge
free wifi
ladko ne fir top kiya hai . . lol
i'll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday
kisi chij ko accha samjh kr use kiya jaye to parinam to bdhiya hi hoga
lovee uuuu saluuuu
aap win
Achi bay hi
Han
nothing equivalent to moms .

today is national kissing day coz it's no work day tomorrow ! ! !
Salman bhai ap mujhe bhot pasand ho
Bhai ko mera salam
omg wait , bel ami comes out tomorrow ! i'm going to watch it , finally .
very good indian labour .
cool this is cool i managed to get the cts sun in the pic and black stars for avril now for lawson
Paga Or suna
#unionbudget2015 is it actually pro rich or is it genuinely pro india
Hiiii mam
davos coach del curto expects rick nash to return tonight . davos are a fairly bad 10th in the table with 9 points from 10 gp . #nyrangers
Par me salman g se itna pyar karti hu k ye page to unka hai,isi liye jyada comment me karti hu,taki unhe pata chale k me unki kitni bari diwani hu
wow ! ! ! omg today for my 21st birthday i woke up and follows me ! i knew this day would come ! thanks jennette ! &lt;3
mast hai .
bj penn vs . nick diaz replay on fueltv ! i'd pay to watch it a 2nd time !
spirit friday ! fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day ! no pj , yoga pants or flip flops/backless shoes . you are poland !
kitni cute ladki hai :-p
no mauka mauka , humne pakistan ho ya africa sab ko thoka thoka \m/
Apko Ni puja ko moti bola
Sudhigna aur Suchitra thi
she's alright , she'll win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may .
no new trains announced in #railbudget2015.brave move by govt , above populist culture.i congratulate ji
james murphy may b right-if pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music , even just to impress-you pry win in end
Milte h holi bad hi
hm dono k bich mei na bol
#msgthefilm is a #blockbustermsg coz it is rocking ovr the hearts of ppl..the message it is spreading is priceless
procrastinating . i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence . chi-town cheer will be performing . king dr .
got my tix to victory rally w/ mitt , ann &amp; the gop team at fiddler's green on saturday . should be a monster hoot .
hindustan ka raja he bhai
Na na
afterwork social s . king dr . from 4-9 saturday . steppin , food , drinks . 5 days work and sixth day for relaxation .
sick beard: download finished: 3rd rock from the sun - 5x11 - dick puts the 'id' in cupid
Salman bhai masha allah aap ek achchhe act ho ek achchhe insan ho kya aap ek achchhe muslman ho
good anna good aap agar kejriwal ka saath de do to aap ki 60 seat aayengi
may your day be full of joy and happiness ! happy birthday nick j :)
aaiye na jaldi kabi tho time dijye janta pyar karne wallo ko.....
Ohhh
rondo should be glad the all-star game isn't hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on .
Modi ji aap badhey chalo janta apke sath hai.
guddu bhai vo jo 26 january ko laddu miltey they uska kuch banao kabhi . . . vo telwaley moti bundi ke laddu . . . taste ab tak nahi bhoolta :))
nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday . . . http/URL
so ready for my birthday . (((: the big sixteen ! #sweetsixteen november 22 !
Bapu g nirdhos h auko jaldi bahar lao
guddu abke dukaan pr hi ruk kr mtc dekh liyo
jeet ke btana bhai
school mein humne bhi aisi bahut acting ki thi . . . . . great time . . . . . . . . . .
finally a gaga featuring luncher paaji . . . maza aa gaya . . . ! ! !
aap zindabad
Han han
guddu bhai , itni pass se tv mat dekha kar , chasmis ho jayega :-d :-p
first day first show of sir your voice is enough to make any movie a blockbuster. #shamitabh :)
come over tomorrow ? :) my mom isn't staying there with me she has to stay with the big dogs at the old house until gordon
doing a show in amsterdam ? would love to see you guys play live soon ! i might be in amsterdam saturday night
we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january 27th - australia day long weekend ! we are . . . http/URL
" frankie: i think i'm gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow me: same . " that's my boy
Eid mubarak ho bhai jaan
Satisfied
Bharat Nav nirmaan karenge MODI Ji,shaktishaali rastra banaaven MODI Ji
Hehehehe
guddu kisi field mein toh acha hai . . .
4 more days to go and we're off to the london conference on saturday - we're excited to network with other youth councils again !
i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow .
Hamare desh ko aage badhane vale, logo me utsah jagane, narendra modi ji ko bhagvan hamesha khush rakhe.
thats great for india
bhaiyaajii smile
i really wanna go to one of his things ! did you watch his new thing on channel 4 last friday ? xx
knicks vs heat tomorrow . kicking off the season at msg .
yu toh main batlata nahi . . par fikkar teri karta hu main maa . . . . . . . . .
Han re Hi
mast bhai . .
Gzb
jab aap kisi cheez ko bahut bahut bahut bahut.. bahut chahte ho to mil hi jaati hai - #shamitabh
Bas mast.
Modi ji aap jesa koi nhi dhanywad aap desh ki kitni sewa karte hai jese ak beta apni ma ko poojta hai
Kya baat hai ini aachi hai kya
Na
satya vachan
lol . . i cnt stop laughing , dis actully used to happend in our school :)
join us this sunday on the terrace . . . . we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich , deeafro , rob maynard , dj . . . http/URL
haha was brilliant , adam levine is in it but not a fan of him ! and it was on channel 4 last friday , it's on 4od :) xx

Shadi*
koty ki jay ho bolo jay ho
bhai sab cover kar liya ek hi gag ne . . mario ki stages . . and mungerilaal ke haseen sapne . . raghubeer yadav ne kiya tha vo rol hahahahaha
hurray ! now get free recharges on mobile just click and install this amazing app . install register and download any app from offer to get free talk time
I would love to see that sexy piece
saeed: #nowplaying: bep , ricky martin and kt tunstall ! great songs to get you through your sunday ! hate the rain ! ! http/URL
tickets selling well for northern lights talk with on thurs 8 nov , 6 . 30pm central library . to book http/URL
i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning , giants vs pittsburgh on sunday #nfl
Gm maam
Han di.... Bilkul
mr . travis took the sats in the 7th grade ! #nerd #fact
jai ho
Salman bhai milenge kab intezaar hai aapki
on tuesday , the theatres open at ten o'clock in the morning , as lent begins after eight at night . on tuesday , all those who through want
eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies .
it was in the member's email . info will be up on the blog tomorrow . series for the next 2 weeks :) daily motivation
the 10th annual colossal castle contest has begun ! : the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running l . . . http/URL
just watched act of valor for the 4th time - i do like that movie .
khel hai yaar . . . tension kyon lete ho . chill . :)
special new year program on doordarshan :)
eid mubarak ho aap ek baar reply karye pls
thinking thursday: your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare ! ~narda goodson , 2012 narda's nuggets
your all updates are just so awesome . . ! ! ! !
after 2 days #fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod . only another 400 or so plays til it beats what makes you beautiful
happy valentines day ? o . o say what ? is it feb 14th already ?
I love myself exactly as I am . I no longer wait to be perfect in order to love myself
Accha..
Kuch nhi
nice . . . . news yar
Haa bhai ban gyi baat
landslide win.hip hip hurray.it's a message to all retarded bjp supporters,go hide your face somewhere,conclude,truth always wins #aapsweep
ak . . . saada jivan uchch vichaar
Kay baat hai bhai jaan....
ye nirdosh hai
abe subah subah kya ho gya tujhe admin ? ? ? jaa ke chai pi aur hume bhi pine de
Yes yes yes
absolutely nothing will , they will be best friends forever :') when they won the nta award for the 10th year that has to be . . . .
bajrangi veer putra dal de
india ka ek hi bhai h salman bhai (vo bhi acche vall bhai)
anna ab koi nahi ayega tumhare aandolan me
my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow . . how could i ever forget ? #biggestdayoftheyear
issue prefect :d
hath mai hath rakhe baithe milo gye
kejriwal gets a good opportunity to show other state's cm how to work. best of luck. #aapsweep
that's it! 6-0 well done teamindia and #indvspak #bleedblue
Idar hi hun bahi
#7thingsaboutmybestfriend she is treating me to cookout tomorrow , first thing when i get to jacksonville .
abaki bar kejariwal #aap
Taiyar hai bhai jan
man prasann ho gaya dekh kar .
acha samaj gya
bhai sahab . . . guddu ne jism movie dekhli lagta hai :)
for the morning is bright and free from terror :-p
playing as the browns hc k . fri in #madden13 , xfacalac lost to the ravens 21-28 on all-madden #connectedcareers
about india: auto production may end fy13 with 6% growth: cmie - mumbai: automobile production , which took a . . . http/URL
apko bhi mubarak
Modi jorj aage bado ham tumhare sath hai jai Bharat....
Shayad bhaijaan aap busy ho koi baat nahi khuda Hafiz iftaari ki tayyari karni hai Allah Hafiz bhai
u r incredibly humorous ! ! !
#219 : i am a 9 pointer and i have been smoking joints ever since i joined iitb . i have even attended quizzes , labs and endsems totally high , and nobody figured it out yet .
happy republic day friends ^_^
really good
Bhai fadu hai
i've seen every denzel washington movie and flight has in it too ! i miss that kid ! but i'm in that theatre tomorrow !
aur aage khade hokar horn bajane me alag hi maza tha :-)
right guys , last competition of the night . . . like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest's 30th . . . http/URL
#msgincinemas chalo ab bikhrne dete hein zindgi ko tere pyar mein,,,,,,,,,, smbhlne ki bhi koi hadh hoti hai...!!
ur jokes really made me laugh
Kamine Haha
Show me
wow ! you're also a percy jackson fan ! :-) the 4th book of heroes of olympus will be entitled " house of hades "
its ok ... focus on ur future .... past cnt b chngd ... bt prsnt cn b made . )
let the good times roll ! tomorrow is mardis gras at st . philip's , with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch . join us at 10:30 !
you changed not only delhi politics but also indian politics . you are real hero of indian politics . i salute you arvind sir . i hope you are the next c . m . of delhi .
give yourself time not some time but a lot of time . it'll be okay . time is best medicine
kiran bedi jindabad
ab aur nahi
karunga yaar pakka
i really like forsberg , maybe above everyone else . hopefully the pick isn't traded for sam gagner and a 7th rounder .
i really felt the saint as #msgyouthicon, if the youth india going to follow him thn thr will not be ny negativity in india
c'mon rita i know you can do better !
waise b hmari shadi ni ho skti thi tujhe ptaa hai
finally in bed . such a long day , but so much was accomplished . athens tomorrow ! !
happy eid salman sir
guduu ka jugad to hmesa fit ho jata . . . sare kam kr aya
congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace's and rosie's 1st anniversary of a visit of your show . how
delhi mai bjp ki ak majboot sarkar hogi
Fun, Humor, cheer!
Karle karle
Owsome tune<3
if you haven't seen your good giving guide yet , check it out online . the challenge starts nov 1 - we appreciate your support ! . . .
my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email .
heat vs knicks is gonna be the most exciting 1st round series
dear world, india is known as a vibrant democracy because any tom, dick &amp; harry can become pm or cm here. beat us if you can. #aapsweep
no thank god it died down tuesday morning , i woke up and it was gone ! we just need to recover from it ! plus nj might have a
#unionbudget2015 a fine balancing act: head of tax via | http://t.co/dircfcbkdm #kpmgbudget
sonal sibasish sekhar routray sidharth mohanty shubh pradhan this is hilarious . . mungerilal :p
rt #msgincinemas it is a great blessing for us to see msg in cinemas
Salman Bhai.....Mri Bf mjhse jada apko pyar karti h...or islie mjhe usse bht pyar h kyunki wo mjhse jada apko pyar karti h
when there is a will , there is a way ( y )
kurt convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with nick diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10 . rounding out the top 3 was kenny castro .
i wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt saturday for shaun #winitforshaun
bhai bahut sahi !
ed sheeran fucking loves minnesota tho by the end of his taylor swift concert , it will be his 7th time performing here , 4 of them in 1 year
Bhai jo apno se dur ho toh unka toh yahi ek zariya hai touch me rehne ka
Khan bole tho salman khan, dil tadap ra bhaijaan ke liye
thanks for the follow brian ! hope you have a super tuesday !
admi hi tha aur kaun karega ye sab kuch mat socho hamare pm to pura desh chala rahe hai
bhai tum shahi ho
oscar lvl performance ;-)
Salam malikkum bhai jaan
bhai tu jo bhi hai , par jo bhi tu post krta h , sidha dil tak aati hai . . . . . . lag raha bhai aise hi . . . .
i am seriously amazed at detailing the artist has put through . . . . . .
saving tigers is a noble cause, while saving cows invites protest!! i support #beefban
beautiful sunrise at the washington monument taken by - http/URL
russell howard , then cuckoo , then celebrity juice , then family guy , thursday night is the best night for comedy
keran bedi jindabaad
hats off garbage bin i actually did this in my skul
#msgyouthicon a radiant smile and a heart of gold . housed in a body so powerfull and bold http://t.co/erz8ujogl5"
just finished watching " the bounty hunter " , gerald butler &amp; jennifer aniston . checking it out for the 2nd time around . funny !
ye bag taangne ka style aur answer na pata hone pe book se muh chhupane wala shaan . . . wah bhai wah . . . !
yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december 11th . (; i must have it ! !
daniels good-humored on comedy show: indiana gov . mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on " t . . . http/URL
rt true saint directing youth on the path of spirtualism nd humanitarian works through msg #msgyouthicon
Bhaijaan Allah ki ibadt aap bani h bani rhe bani rhegi bajrangi bhaijaan jrur hit hogi
he paints: political artist of india 1 who will never turned up again . . . . . . . . . . . respect for r . k . :)
peaceful celebration :-p
watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing i've seen tonight .
salman bhai haqiqat men to nahi milte ap kam az kam khuwab men dua salam k liye ajaya karo
Heroes
fire is his head , the sun and moon his eyes , space his ears , the vedas his speech , the wind his breath , the universe his heart . from his feet the earth has originated . verily , he is the inner self of all beings .
rahane is a silent performer who may not make it to headlines daily, but sure makes his performances count! next dravid maybe? #indvssa
go boro ! may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last !
i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp , i'm glad he's gone . didnt he miss one in the 4th qtr ?
free metro
Vry nce sir. <3
m sallu ko etna love krta hu jisko nap ne k liye avi tk kuch ni bna
1st they should complete their promises in india .
saalla asli mazaa to bich me baithane me ataa tha . . . kabhi friends ke saath tripling ki hai is scooter pe :-d
Plz ply ply plz plz salman sir 1 reply
lots of fun this weekend . we're at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight . then on sunday . . . http/URL
Bhaijan mere bhabi ko or kitne bakhath samalkhe rakhogeJara mujhe bhi dekhna hay... :)
yeh toh mene bhi kiya tha
#msg3successfulweeks aapki rehmat se and aapki msg se duniya sawarne lagi.........dhan dhan satguru tera hi aasra
Bajrangi bhaijaan 300 par karega yeh mere wada hai
rt #msgyouthicon #msgthefilm is icon for the youth which taught us to be pure vegetarian, drug free society
swgat nahi karo ge hamara
#blockbustermsg papa g craze fr movie is same as it ws before.. just wanna see msg again n again... movie is outstanding..
Asak...aap apni maa se aur apne bhaiyon se bahot pyar kerte hain bahot acha lagta hai
#gurmeetramrahim #msgincinemas thankuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu for making my best god morning
bolne ki aajadi sabhi ko he so annaji bhi bol rahe he
Acha bhaiyya
november: my birthday month , election day , a weekend in san fran with naples for thanksgiving , lots of friends &amp; family . yes .
i'll stop loving jennette on the 31st feb . february has only 28 days so it doesn't count . &lt;3
Bhar do jholi meri ya Muhammad mujhe Salman bhai se milado,
we r blessed with tiger biscuits :d :d
apne toh dono haath ghee mei hain . . papa daante toh mummy chupke se paise de deti hai aur mummy daate toh papa . . ^_^
joh sapna ankhoo se utarkar dil mein bus jata hai woh sapna kabhi toothta nahi... #shamitabh
this is one of the best :d
maaa jesa koi ni hai . .
i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection . so charlotte rampling in the night http/URL
mother to guddu: beta guddu khana kha lo . . .
mujhe to aage khada hone me mazaa aata tha -_-
Kha le tu b Hehe Bilkul bhai Thodi or jada c bna
i liked a video http/URL anonymous - remember , remember the 5th of november
jai hind
Waise ho gaya
aanna desh ka sher hi
kkk
free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night 7 its going to be fun :)
good morning becky ! thursday is going to be fantastic !
today's pitch will make vajpayeeji proud.. looks like one of those roads of golden quadrilateral.. #indvssa
dec 16th . i know it's so far and near the end of sagittarius but i'm a full blown sag girl :) lol
wwe #raw should be interesting next week . the road dogg returned to wwe at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday
get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday ! good looks . . . http/URL
like if you want gautam to win today ! ! ! !
dublin on monday :d so excited ! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert . . . plzzzz say happy birthday shauna
piss easy job analysing on motd2 . they just repeat what gary neville says on super sunday .
yeh dua hai meri ke aap hamesa khus rhe
bada hi shareef launda hai . . . .
Hahahaha
ham pakistanio ki tarah chhor nahi hai hame indian hone par garv hai
#msg3successfulweeks jagat ke rang kyu dekhu tera diddar kafi hai karu main pyar kis kis se tera ek pyar kafi hai
arvind ki niyat saaf hai is liye delhi ke people saath hai
ek dum tagda gag faisel bhai
just heard you're coming to calgary on the 23rd ! ! best news ever ! ! you're going to kill it man ! ! :)
stop xpecting frm odrs ... evry1 is selfish .. jus b happy n make ur lyf worth living )
Salman ji hey
. . . . is going as that " upwards kid " that he played so well on sunday night ? ? ! ! . . . . with his prop/friend , " adidas " ?
great ak sir . . aap zindabad . . we have to first ensure on evm machines because these people are filthy
apple's increasing " skeumorphism " - the wood and leather effects - tim cook canned scott forstall http/URL no more dodgy effects
happy birthday sweetheart . may all your days be special , just like you . love , grammy
the eight day of the week: sarah g . day ! ! where you can party party , laugh , dance and go crazy ! #sarahglive on sunday guys:)
you may think you've tried them all but i'll bet you haven't tried taking on the challenge . . . stop wasting time . . . http/URL
Bhai sallu tumhari pic hogi bindassIs baat pe hai mujhe pura vishvaas..Bas mujhse baat kr loo
i'm in the bathroom bumping " niggas in paris " crunk ass hell like it's my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol
rt saw shamitabh yesterday. songs and music are simply superb! picture was good too, great acting by all.
capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to . . . http/URL
cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday ! promotion , new townhouse , new car &amp; with myking . . . definitely a happy girl :)
are wait kro jaruri thodi na hai 4 bje ka bola hai to 4 bje hi aaye
haha brilliant ! ! morning katie . . . happy friday ! bodg loves the drawing of him ! m
watching die hard for the 1st time with &amp; alan rickman makes this better than it already was .
diet starts monday when i wake up . ends the same day . always happens
recap . i saw bad 25 on tuesday . the spike lee documentary on michael jackson . it was beyond amazing . &amp;&amp; it was only showing for 6 days .
rivers to gates , for only the 3rd time this season . keep it up chiefs , fantasy teams need you
ab aayegi aandhi jab chal pada hai chota gandhi . ak
Mera bhai bhi aa jata
amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo ! don't miss tomorrow night . . . http/URL
cool ! ! ! there's a criminal minds season 3 marathon on , and tomorrow it's a castle season 3 one . http/URL
happy valentine's day (to you that may have one)
u win definitely win delhi elections
inko bharat ratn dena chaheye
just been to with for 1st time since blake . walked reggie &amp; anna , 2 really sweet dogs .
mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t-shirt . no , really . | dr . saturday - yahoo ! sports http/URL #fb
im so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life .
Masha Allah kisi ke nazar na lage
me personally don't see grammy playing afl again still 28 but i think he'll turn to something else now . best of luck with what may be next .
i am going to the seminar richie hawtin (official page) is hosting at concordia this monday . first time going to . . . http/URL
serving today: a top-class batting order against the best bowling attack in the world that goes by the name dale steyn. #indvssa #cwc15
#cwc15 #indvsuae #wontgiveitback #bleedblue winning by 10 wickets in less than 10 overs must be the next target for #meninblue
hahaha . . . . wo purane din . . . . bachhe aur school badalte hain . . . par kahaani wohi rehti hai . . . .
sewa kare to tan sawar jaye, simran kare to man sawar jaye, msg film dekhen youth to ye jag sawar jaye #msg3successfulweeks
hey the best was when you said obama put out his smoke on bidens forehead on ash wed
on september 5th , the finder reaches italian tv (with the worst title translation ever) . finally ! ! ! :d #finder #risolutore #sky
#uae 102 all out. brilliant bowling by #teamindia. ashwin 4/25 bowled very well. #indvsuae #teamindia #bleedblue #cwc15
Vande mataram. ..Jai hind. .Jai bharath
bhai thik hain
haha . . nice . . . . plus new syllabus me candy crush , temple run n subway surfer . . . n btw don't underestimate girls
Salam lekum bhai jaan ramdan mubarak ho aap ko
really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd #biasprick
this one is epic . i wish every school had contra and double dragon on their syllabus . we would have rocked :p
superb . . . this one is truly hatke style . . . . ;) contra ki 2nd stage . . . islander ke ande . . :p
To tum kha ho ??
lol , outstanding . guddu is too good
cannot wait to see with my boys and next friday in athens !
rt there isgreat revolution in the history of the world becoz #msg3successfulweeks
Movie ?
sun jb jyega na to usse phele milne aaiyu mjhse
he is one of the 1st names on mancini's team sheet and he was one of the 1st names on capello's team sheet and that says it all
Bhaijaan aapka song humesha hit hi hota hai
yay ! ! ! we are front page on will ferrell's funny or die for the 24th time ! check it out ! . . . http/URL
aaj ki party bhaijaan ki tarf se fb par
goodnight ! big day ! tomorrow i'm at the school to 3:00 (argentina time) because i stay to the mallin ! (tomorrow i'll tell you what is that) !
BHARAT "MODI" ke Saath
Congo's....
inshallha . allha aap ko kamyaab kara gaya .
i may be the odd man out on this but i don't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar . decent i guess , but not stellar .
Han yar
Acha
rt #msgyouthicon the waters plunge in a rapid, guruji's hair falls in a symphony,what a sight .. http://t.co/tcavgcpfqq
when he's in form he can win us these tough matches. #indvssa #dhawan
hehehe . . . . bahut mast bana dale bhai . . super (y) (y)
its just not about delhi or mumbai anymore . we can sit back at homes , moan over such brutal incidents that take place almost everyday . people have got thick skinned , and keeping aside the ' rape ' issue for a second , what about the women being savagely abused verbally and mentally even in the public transports ? why doesnt the same janta goes into action ? why does the criticism and moaning more apparent in facebook status and posts ? problem lies in men , they should not be allowed to wander over streets late night , it should be rather banned . why should women have to modify their lifestyle because of the male dominated society ? its not her fault . . .
lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald's breakfast tomorrow with #winning
give him a call and tell him his worth ) dont waste time posting it here ) all ur parents need is a word to know how special they are for u )
aap ke pas kam karne ki shamta hai bo mahilao ko suraksha de sakte hai .
good times :)
#msgincinemas pitaji aaj to bas alag si khushi hai jo aap hi samjh sakte ho
#halloweenfacts #halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after new year's and super bowl sunday .
just cus it's friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome http/URL
no of sweater u r wearing is directly proportional to the winter mumma is feeling
Happy new year
the only challenge to implement aap manifesto is how to get funds of rs . 178600000000000000000000 sab muft !
koi v banaa jeeta dil se kaam kijya ga
sally is best
dook tomorrow and on the 27th . . . the game we've all been waiting for . . . nc state http/URL
india have outbatted outbowled &amp; outfielded south africa... total domination! well done world champions! #indvssa #cwc15
indiaaah india - with ever cheer and with every run pakistan like mohd. irfan will crumble and be all over the place #indvspak
sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building
love u love u love u sallu?
this may end up being more beneficial to us with cofield playing more naturally at the end spot &amp; baker clogging up the middle .
's match winning knock of 107 runs... #indvspak
bajrang bali ka sumiran kar raha hoo
loved the hair style from friday's jason wu new york fashion week show ? we're giving you the step-by-step to . . . http/URL
finding out that its nationalENargarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaaat much better #excited
erotic asphyxiation , evanescence , strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today ! happy friday ? !
Meri ma apko bhot yaad karti he bhai
you definitely care more about the college than the course . . you need to realize what you want to do first ! your marksheet would carry the name of the university and not the college , from what i've heard !
i'm going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte , nc - sep 21 http/URL
Han han
think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington . .
first tweet ever , loving san diego ! busy day like always and ready for on fuel tv tomorrow .
pehli line pe hi itni hasi aa gayi ki agah padne ki jarurat hi nhi padi
gowns at the ready girls , q4 update tomorrow !
this again prove that human brain is the only one which can do anything .
#mustwatchmsg #blockbustermsg wonderful full of enjoy
no matter how worthy the ingredients are in rajnigandha it takes jaitleys budget to make it costliest #superbudget #unionbudget2015
Hhhe
khair ki mummy ne patal/parwal ka bharwa nahi banaya . . . . dimaag ka chauka lag jata :p
Kadr us chabi ki hoti h jo hr taleey ko khol de na ki taleey ki jo hr chabi se khul jaye .. bete ..
the win would have been no better without #indvspak on twitter..cheers to all indian fellow mates...and the game is still on pak
4 : 19 ho rhe kha ho bhai
Hum log Jarur dekhenge aapka movie..
this may be a little forward . . . . - secret-country: but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert &amp; blake . . . http/URL
ek baar to meri aankho main bhi aanu aa gaye , , waah :d:d
Han
ma baap se badkar is duniya me kuch nahi hai
awoo kare baat salman ke sath`-?
shi bole anna ji bas aap ja asirwad ki zrurat hae ab baar aap
vote for aam aadmi party
now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 #lateshow with david letterman
banana walnut pancakes and a side of sausages . slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch . enjoy !
happy thursday jennette from detroits #1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you
free mobile
pastor winans will always be cool wit me because 'tomorrow' by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs ! and he sent my nippy home right !
anna ji . . . . lok sabha chunav mein varanasi wala episode bhul gaye . . . ! ! ! !
Me*
Mera yeh matlab nahi thaa naam to acha hai Salmanji yaar shaadi karlo abb tooo...:D
meri aawaj all of indian halabol jai bhart nmsate me mai modi ji ke sat hu hum bhart mata ke santan hai or bat bat par ek dusre se pchte hai ki hum kis jati ke hai hum yhe kyun nhi samjhte hum sabi ek hai
on the plus side have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along :)
Haa bhai
Muje apse shadi karni hai
tum naye zamane ke bache bhi na !
suna h du ki ladkiya bhot hot hoti h ? ?
guddu . . ! ! ! :d tu toh lucky hai re bhut . . :v :d
bhai aapka koi comment nhi aaya . . mujhe aapke comment padne me bhi bada maja aata hai :) :d
Yup they r mine.
lo ab phodo pataakhe . . . . saale bahut chilla rhe the mauka mauka . . . 3:)
Format mil jaye toh
cm bn gya kejriwall . . . . 1oo%
mummy ko pta hota tha ye sab . . .
good news friends "
It's happen only in india feel proud be indian ! ^_^
haha you are good in debate , deviate and run away .
bhaiyo ke bhai
cut off with them . . . negative people will only see your negative traits . . . be with people who likes you and doesnt look down upon u !
" dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub thru kbs world ! " ok noted
Yhi h abhi whtsapp pe
Hurr hurr
celebrate the chinese new year in #shanghai (around february) and see a dragon dance during the spring festival ! amazing experience !
Kash khuda unhe vo samaj do jo mazhab ka galat istmal karke ek ki jagah char char bibio se shadi karke, aurat ki majburi ka faida uthate hai
pakistan clears visa accord , india welcomes it - new delhi/islamabad , nov 1 (ians) a day after pakistan's cabinet ap . . . http/URL
dosto bjp ko jitao .
mai apni biwi waise bhi manna nhi karoga ,
vote for clean politics aap-ak49
Double bed size
interresting to read , except if you work for rim or microsoft (but it may change soon) : the mobile industry in numbers http/URL
Ghar Ghar modi hi modi .Jaha logo ki soch khatm hoti hai modi Ji waha se sochana suru karte hai .
Mashallah 2.3k comments and likes r 33,966 great 300 crores hai bhai ki film kai
Aur WO achi ladki hai
i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday . #teamheat
#indvssa one more reason to take selfies now, even god takes it http://t.co/a7c8t4hqur
plan something small n cosy . . a candlelight dinner or smthing . . only u n she . . . nt anything big bash where there ll b many ppl . . n ds tym dnt infrm any of ur frnz ! ! :)
Kahe ?
bhai clg to wahi hai... Waisa ka waisa
only 2 spots left for standard first aid with cpr c ! november 5 &amp; 6 , 4pm-10pm in centretown . contact centretown . . . http/URL
commanding performance by india today with the ball. #indvsuae #cwc15
Smarty
Bas didi sab thk
awsm yr ilove that
Tere naam ke ladke diban h pata nahi
Helo salman.sir
Are jabaedasst h bhai.....
haha reminds me of the time , when picked up for getting the chalk was considered to be an honor . . ! !
buzzing for the game tomorrow , gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards ! bring on aston villa ! #stfc
can't wait to raid cvs tomorrow for the discounted candy . #halloween
Thik
Pata ni kabhi meri b kismat mehrbaan hogi or me b bhai jaan se mil paunga..Ae khuda. Raham..:-) <3
Woahh
if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun , you'd have san fran . kinda love it .
in london for boro match saturday . . . let me know what night you're out . . . friday may suit me better like if optional
Han nhi hota
drew peterson is #untouchable no more ! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7/6c: http/URL
I knw sallu i dnt belive fake news u dnt wry ...
hum kangaruon ko unki dharti pr hi sabak sikhayege
Perhaps , your situation with English is badder than everything else whatsoever -_-
long princeton (and diggy) #imagine : happy valentine's day (yn) . . . february 14 it's been 9 m http/URL via
thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night . all proceeds went . . . http/URL
prestige is what abd had inspite of losing the semi's he will be a winner in the heart of cricket fans
mungerilal ke haseen sapne . . aapne to ekdum jeevit kardiya bhai . .
if 15 runs are needed off the last over , pressure is on the bowler not on ms dhoni .
rt thanku for beautiful gift for this society #msgincinemas
bhai mae tho tayar hae
look how far they've come since july 23rd 2010 . they have a smash album , brit award , and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca .
first time i ever heard ss was in 6th grade and i actually loved it . i didn't know the song at the the time so i couldn't continue to listen
#msgyouthicon actually in msg guruji woke d youth ..to realize them dt dey have a lot of power to change d world....
i never believed in this sort of stuff but when i read it , i found that this is true
going to the georgetown game on friday ! #imwearingblue #istillloveeastview
manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs . vitali klitschko: charr didn't look scared as he stared . . . http/URL
Wah modi sab
as a point , flacco had a 0 . 3 qbr last sunday . even vet qb had a bad day .
pyara saa bachpan .
i'm so good at gambling . i just owned las vegas . leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework . not a bad week .
free desial
Modi ji aap apna kaam kijiye, kisi ki baat ko mat suniye agar 5 baccho me se do bigad jaayen to bhi paalna to padta hi hai
Aatma aur mun ki pavitrata ki jhalak hai is beti ki aawaz mei, khush raho beti.
Jo b ho par main aap se bhuuuuuut pyaar karty ho salman
new die hard movie coming out feb 14 . . looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date:o)
Bohat khub Salman bhai
rt #msgincinemas now the social evil vanished from our society bcoz of msg.. ..
take bow. you are the best of the world. your prediction was the best :-) #aapstorm
great idea . but i'm still working on the alternate remixes for the 1st 'jackie o' lp .
sab ka bhai hamara sallu bhai
anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day ?
yo yo kejriwaal ji aap hi jitoge
game day . . arsenal ladies vs turbine potsdam . . champions league last 16 1st leg . . get down and support the gooners . . ! ! #uwcl #alfc
Hay sallumeya eid mubark ho
optimism: pancake day on sunday .
i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade . . i loved her so much
rt msg released 3 weeks back but its craze in public is still as its first show #msg3successfulweeks
Esa Hi kuch
maine kai bar suna ki bharat ek din bishwa guru banega. lekin yakeen nahin hota tha. per aap kee lagan aur karya shaily se ab poora yakeen ho gaya,bahut jaldi bharat maha guru ban jayega. bharat maa ki jai.
OK.
sumegha yadav . . remember the new year's eves we had with all those stupid award shows . it never got better than those anyways .
cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you:-) &lt;3
lekin cover bhi sabse majboot isi ka tha:p
Modi ji aap aage bado hum tumhare shath he..
noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive .
salman bhai am ur big fan.... am from paaaakkkiiissstan.... plzzz plzzzzz plzz plzzzz rply me one time..... plzzzzz waiting
rt very much pleased with #railbudget2015 but innovation plays key role in development :) hey prabhu !
hope everybody enjoyed ben amos at welton on monday ? don't forget will be at market weighton this coming monday the 1st
i have never seen such a huge gathering for any film's premiere. it's swelling every minute. #msgincinemas #msgpremiere
still time to order your #halloween treats ! deadline: 2pm cst today (with overnight shipping) to arrive tomorrow ! ---&gt; http/URL
that time never cum back . . super observation admin . . :)
ab china se darne ki jarurat nahi
working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on #wahh #getmeouttahere
Finally SOMEONE who thinks the way I do !. Whoever you are .... You're awesome ! ) ( y ) . . #changeweneed
Weka tak nai chalra
watching the 2nd punisher . wish they'd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle
so proud of for the huge upset against maryland . time for us to do the same tomorrow night #godeacs
App ko ramzan ka mahina mobarrak ho....or app ho allah tala or tarraki de....
rt this is brilliant, 1 to go! #indvsuae
cant wait to see " flight " on saturday , denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro
sb salman ko doshi kyu keh raha.khud ko sb dekho phle..duniya bs bhaukti hai
i just had a look and it seems nash to davos is a done deal along with joe thornton . i may have to pay a visit . . .
agar itni bheed reality hai to jeet to khud hi aayegi aap ke pass kyu paise barbad kar rahe ho in paiso se kuchh bhalai ka kaam kar lo
for all those who eat beef watch this. you will be appreciating government move after this. https://t.co/pfs2tl7yhe #beefban #beeflove
looking forward to watching the mother of all battles.it's final before the final.go team india.give your best.#indvspak#indwins
mast bhai jaan
Are bhai mammi pit pit k nahane k liye bheja aaj Haha Sahi kiya Tu isi layk h bhai Is bar me to aunty k sath hu
mitra kha se late ho aise vichar . . . . mummi kya khilati h tumko . .
64 in 1 was the best :d :p
four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000 . here's where i mention that i'm pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii . #meta #classy
rt #msgyouthicon great movie every one should watch it
railways need to be the agent of connectivity,not aviation (thx to our terrain).directionally correct-build confidence 1st! #railbudget2015
fabio capello: " from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow " .
the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st . paul . plenty of room here so we're 4th row center . plenty of room . pretty fired up
going to the grammys first entertainment law breakfast here in nyc tomorrow ! i'm so excited . one step closer . . .
bhai tu jo bhi hai , par jo bhi tu post krta h , sidha dil tak aati hai . . . . . . lga rah bhai aise hi . . . . . . .
BHAI boht acha hy bus aj ki jagah pr eid hona chahye thaeid ki prty meri trafcse .....Jai hoooo bhaii
superbbb efforts done by g..just to change youth.youth is future of d cntry.#msgyouthicon #msgrevolution
#delhidecides:this is definitely our #photooftheday after the #aapstorm yesterday! for more- http://t.co/omiztklncu http://t.co/ajrse5evmy
aur darshako ki bhari demand ke baad luncher paaji maidaan me fir se nazar aate hue . . . . chomb chomb . . ! ! ! ! !
just give her a hot kiss and say sorry . girl love kiss than hug . . lmao
bhai aagya bhai aagya
these lil girls singing " birthday cake " . . . . . girl it was yo 10th birthday the other day smh lol
hiii modi jee kyai say ho aap hamarai bihar say aapko jada vott millai to bihar ko hi vull gyai hai pleace bihar ko taraki mai kijeeyai jaai say gujart ko tarrki mai kyahai
" my heart is gold , my twat is glass , c'mon baby can't ya see ? " yes . . a glass twat . . better known as a " womb with a view " ;d lol !
last day of work at walgreens tomorrow ! *cries tears of joy*
sooo creative . . u guys r awsummm . :)
ram ram bhai salman
proud of aishwarya's french honour: big b: mumbai , nov 2 (ians) megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that . . . http/URL
is set to break all records-lucky for http://t.co/0g8gyk5mkf
Tu dil hai tu jaan hai..mera salman hai
Han
" first time , in indian politics , rs1 crore has been given as a compensation to a martyr policeman "
ajao vaai party karte hai tm or hum fans lok
jitegi
scoop ! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse ! yoohoo how cool is that !
I am good
love it when you have bale first scorer , 2nd time in a week #loveit
i didnt want to just pop up . . . but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come . . and shes great ill tell her you asked
love uuu shallluuuuu
incredible pass from vick to kyle williams . williams out jumps carr in the end zone , 21-0 in 2nd .
good decision no new train but focus on presently running, following time schedule #railbudget2015
ok ! i hope jennette visit your city someday and you may have the chance to meet her :d
Kucch b kaho...salman bhai kaa sabse nada fan iss puray shrishti mein afar koi hai...tyo o hai...mera bhai Sachin Pujari.....jab tak salman bhai zindagi mein ek baar agar inse naa mile...tyo zindagi mein mein kissise kya mile...
i'm supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen . #johnny enrile's life is interesting it's keeping me awake
Rammi hindo salman. Kafir kuty ho tum gandooo
Han to pani daal sir p jaake
4 din ki chutti hai Ni.. Or jaane ka man har jagah hai
and i wonder why most of the guys here won't look at any girl in the eye . . . .
nark me bhi jagak nhe milege
Mai likh kar hi de dunga thk h na Ye cream h
Okays
Wht u did may be a rite thing . Buh still i hate guys hu think like tht -(
#beefban ka natak khatam ho gaya ho toh kuch aur baat kar le? jaise ka chutiyapa?
Bhaiya ki bike lene aya hu
maar ja duubbb keee chullu bhar paaanii mainn ! !
rt damn! you didn't have to take me literally! #indvssa #cwc15
#tech apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company&amp;#039; . . . http/URL
syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the non-aligned movement summit in iran as mohamed morsi addressed #syria crisis
asse log jo iss tarah ki harkat karte h unka to paida hona hi desh k liye abisaap h .
farebilal ka fareb nahi chalega
hindu you kill urself not others, look how you behavior #beefban. shame remember 150yr of slavery to outsiders
parker , leonard steal okc's thunder: ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at&amp;t center , oklahoma ci . . . http/URL
Or akhirkar nahi ja paya
i just need to chill . can't wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow . #gonnaendalife
Kaisa rha
Bhai kya mazak hi ye 4.6 ho gye
capello bemoans language barrier in russia: russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la . . . http/URL
ek baar toh guddu ko bhi chalaney detey . . ya idhar bhi pair nahi pahunch rahe ? :p
abhi 4wje nahi aap ke?????????????
Nahi
I can relate . Parents never give a shit about what we go through . They are confused and frustrated right from the fucking day we were born .
sala juta se maruga modi gi ke bare me bola to
modi ka majak to obama ne udaya tha :-d
dekh lo niche sonali khanna k piche kitne kutte pad gye
kejri ka val dhila ho gaya lagta hai
it's ages since i had kfc , well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday , that doesn't count though
Okies ..
jor ka jhtka joro se laga
abki baar aap ki sarkar
Tu bhi jhootha nikla ,Vaada tera vaada hi nikla...
no live nba game tomorrow ? only postgames of knicks/heat and clippers/grizzlies ? pls air the game of knicks against heat live .
first murray is out for the dallas cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game . not looking good for the running backs !
Marks nhi dikha rhi woh
Tu khana khale
Ab tu jada he bolne lagi hai..soch kar bat kar warna...
Acha acha sahi hai
:( :-\ purane din yaad aa gaye . . :'(
the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow . that's when i'll get worried about my family . living right on oneida lake .
superb debate is going in on #unionbudget2015 i mean #ghantabudget
see how paid and corrupt media in action to show live telecast of rally of corrupt political party to fool people of delhi .
Bahut galat kiya aapne salman bhiya muslimo k khilaf gye h ap
jitna vishwas delhi ki janta ne aap k upar dikhaya hai... umeed karte hai fir bhagenge nai... warna #delhi wale ab hai chodenge....
mane ek baar kiya hai jab physics ka homework nhi kiya tha . . . . aur teacher th mr . pankaj aggarwal
why these mfs jus blastin " rella " like itz the hood on saturday n shit lolz smh
Salman bahot she log aapke baare me galat baat bolte he muje acha nahi lagta
refuse to admit that it's 3rd year . bring on my groundhog day
??how ?
Insan jab tarki karleta hai to wo apne mazhab KO bul jata .hai jab thokar lagti hai use to use apni galti ka ahsas hone lagta hai .....koch aisy hai salman ki khani mery Kuban I.......
bhai ye toh " keh ke le li sa ki " . . . .
kuch read nahi kar pata . thoda bada size rakhna chahiye .
Tu scooty p jari thi apne Bhai k sath me
salo yha kyu apni maiya thukwa rahe ho.. sale chutiye bhaag jao.. ni to ga**nd paad dunga
at least they got over 100. #jasonholder must be cursing them. #indvsuae #cwc15 #cricket
before fielding bedi, bjp should have known that delhi isn't 'safe' for women. #aapsweep #aapstorm #aapkidilli #kiskidilli
indian morons were more interested in #beefban rather than #rapeban.first save women then talk about cows #shitindianlogic #nirbhayainsulted
not sure what im going to be for halloween yet . sun shine is just too obvious , larry bird is the front runner as of right now .
get on february for valentine's day , the suave fuckers
they can drink cow's piss that is worship of god but they can not eat beef #beefban
jhadu maro khuzliwal ji ko
Sala kamina sallu bhai ramjan mahineme bajarangi ban gaya kotta sala kamina sallu.... suno musalman bhaiyo aur behano es bar bi sallubhai ko ullu bana denge
yeah i saw them open for taylor swift in march . they were awesome ! is cher just like a fucking bitch on stage ?
Okies
Galt baat ke muslmano kai khilaf ovisey ka sath de na de.....galt q bola...?
Han toh bas karle
i stole rs 400 from my 1st roomie , he actually thought it was someone else in the wing . . . since i was his roomie i was beyond suspicion
okay me and are about to watch the woman in black . this may be a terrible night .
lagta hai pk movie specially pm, rss aur khachhar bhakto ki toli ko dhyan me rakhkar banai h. ab kabootar ki tarah aankhen na ghumana
Lekin Jo hai
anna chor hai kutta hai
i am leaving facebook now :(
ek per dusre chade raho desh gaya bhand maine
Sallu bhai kisi ko rply nhi krte or humlog bewkufo k jese sallu bhai sallu bhai kiya krte h
next wednesday going to the disney one . no chance avril will go to the universal night #wimp
hindu Muslim ke naam pe paisa kama raha hai salman khan.. shame..
Toh thk h
Are koi Ni kha kena
Apki ek mve ko itni bheed me ladke tck lekar or dosto ki bheed leke 3 3 time mve dekne jata hu or ap ho ki...
right baat hai sir ji . . . yahi karte hai . . . khas kar mere school me to jadater madam sweater bunne hi aati thi :p
mere teacher ne to mujhe wapas ghar bhej diya tha ek baar . . . . kasam khuda ki aaj mil jaaye wo
" tune into tomorrow for a special #pushandshove news segment during the 7am &amp; 9am hours ! " nooooooooo
sir . . samay ke sath sari ummide bujhti ja rahi ,
i genuinely think there's something fishy about #rahulonleave and #annareturns trending together! #rahulisanna !
manka biswas kam jor hona...
Han yaar
koi apni jagah se nahin hilega . . . warna guddu ka baap favicol se chipka dega . . . .
prestige should be taught to bangladeshi fans who give irrelevant minnow reasons for their exit from cwc 2015 .
delhi me kisi ser ki jarurat nhi hai yaha to ek aam admi ki jarurat hai jo kewal kejriwal ji hai . bjp wale namo namo karte rah jayenge aur kejriwal ko kavi nhi hara payenge .
uncle, hinduism never defined what to eat and what not to. hope this feeds some sense into you. #beefban
abe yaar hadd kardi hai apne toh
Susra
dard nahi hai tere dil mein guddu . . dard la beta . .
aayega ni to pitega
naha le
Lanat ho bajrangi shaitan par lanti slman
big mix up people , channing tatum is not here , it's just anthonee bercik , autographs tomorrow .
Are
i may do a 30-mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals .
aap hs asked media to b their opposition bt media hs taken their job so seriously tht they started it even b4 swearing-in ceremony #aapsweep
Rj
chal chutiyee zindagii issi chutiyaap mei nikaal dena gaandu ! !
alright , if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me , i may be forced to retaliate .
salman sir sara din guzar gaya aap aa he nai :(
Toh car kab aayegi ??
of others . . . jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person . . . its too late for you . . . fuckhead
khuskhabri ni dukhkhabri h aaye to pahle india haar kr
hun,following u i would never doubt ur patriotism!its just that emotions run too high in #indvspak #cricket and ppl resort 2 this!:(
Jaggi ka nhi pata chala
not convinced by the haye v chisora fight upton park on saturday . . . . . personally i'd rather have seen carlton cole v emile heskey
guddu . . . . sir jb puchhe to unki taraf nahi dekha karte . . . . .
kyu
Harami kutta sala lanat ho tujpar
Ye musalman jab HINDUO se dosti karni hoti hai ya meljol karna hota hai to shirt-pant aur bina topi ke aate hain....Aur jab hinduo se tanaav hota hai to kurta pazama aur topi lagakar aate hain aapne bhi dekha hoga...Aisa kyo???
Tere lahor se mahga hamara gav h be ja apna kam kar
kajri bachcho ki kasam khata h . . . ab nhi bhagega . . . jhutha bhagoda
chalo sab apne apne ghar koi salman nahi aaega....!!
u have only to speak and pm has only to make
Abe ja be zhandu balm Tere jaison keliye kon waqt nikalega

anna is only gandhian by dress and living behaviour not by thinking . he should avoid any comparison between modi and kejriwal .
big factor for bjp's defeat is anti bedi group with in the party.they'ven't supported her.it was totally negative voting in delhi #aapstorm
Kis bewakuf ne apko yeh bola ki ....Apne fans ko iss tarh se wait karao2 thappad meri tarf se bajrangi bhaijaan padne chye usey jo aysi bekar muft me raye deta hay
isne dhoni ke barabri karne ke chakkar me match harwa diya
mjhse ni mngwai aaj tak chalk :(
#155 my roomie has a decently hot girlfriend since 2 and a half years and he's never had sex . I think I'm more disappointed than he is .
#landacquisitionbill govt made doable immensely difficult for itself. out reach the hall mark of its election success is given go by.
arvind kejriwal zyaadaa gas mat chodo ! pichli baar ki tarah :(
Sale tum hrami ho moslim nahi tum saytan ho
Accha
Mast ekdum
Muslman bolte huwe saram aa rahi hai
Me
Abhi tak to bada dum tha tum logo ke laudo me??????? achanak se dhile ho gaye????
amit ji & shaan are sad . . guddu class ke bahar ghum ke aayega
#50 : i like this babe but she has a bf and i know i'm getting super friendzoned and i think it's worth it just to be closer to her :(
#nba the brooklyn nets opener vs . the new york knicks is postponed . it was originally scheduled for thursday evening .
the most happiest living beings in india as far as the rahul gandhi as a lead of congress party is ....the bjp #whereisrahul #rahulonleave
????????????
Kiya huwa bewde muhe kiyo latka ke behtha hai
Pta nahi yaar . . . . abhi pta nahi
talking about act's &amp;&amp; sat's , deciding where i want to go to college , applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out .
Nhi bilkul nhi
should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time .
Ab thik hai na ..
Didi
everyone wants to b proven wrong abt it.. #cwc15 #indvspak
Salaman to harami he......tu musalman hoke kafir ban gaya he....sale kutte...samne to aa jaan se maar du tuje....
en aapiyo paapiyo ki bund enke chunav chinh se lal karo
Are bhai badboo q faia raha hai
Kon h Bhai ?
Le lo..
in 27 hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on may 1st ! ! omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow !
okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury
junoon ki rahbari hi kaam aati hai mohobbat main khirad se jo mashwara leta hai nakaam hota hai #aapstorm #aapsweep #aap
ye sala hai hi congress ka chmacha
Modi saab g,, galla da krah bnayi jayoge, k kuj kroge v..
Gerate
if you dont know his the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sorta a 3rd party candidate
#msgincinemas what crazy weirdos indians follow to reach the god. when will we learn to use our brains and stop being sheeple.
fuck sat ! act is where it's at ! :d
i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow , best believe i'm gonna put you on check .
golf capsules: nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on sunday in his cimb classic victory , closing with a course . . . http/URL
ind world jitegi hi nhi khushi kanha milegi . . . . . . . .
Kutta harami madar chod bighrat salman to agar mje mil jai teri maa bhin ek kardonga
pehle hi baat ho choki thr
Mere se kyu
religious sentiment as sufficient warrant to invoke state power is a frightening prospect (2003) #beefban http://t.co/hognaanzwm
Kya kar rha h
guddu ki ma or baapu se puchho ise banate banate unke baayen haath ka kya haal hua hoga :v o:) 3:)
Han
" gagner's agent says talks continue , will have hearing on friday if no deal " msm just proved you're #clueless !
hmmm
pak fans be like -dont know if misbah will score big or not but he will most certainly bore the hell out of the indians.#indvspak
#sabkabudget #superbudget #unionbudget2015 my vote to #modisarkar got wasted, i shld have voted for ..he is gem of a person.
thank you annaji bas yehi kafi he aur isse bada ashirwad humare liye aur kuch nhi joy anna joy aap joy kejriwal aur ha me koi jotish nhi bas apna manka sun leta hu aur kejriwal ko kehta hu ap fikr na kare app ko 36 seat milega 101%
Kutto ki life Ni jeeni pad rahi ..
gift lekar jaeo ... rakhi bandegi vo to kuch to hona chaheye na ....
Damn thm invisible ninjas cuttin onions..
cricket ka bukhar kuch bhi karwa sakta hai . apni biwi ke aage kitna bada muh khol diya ! !
protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow loeb theater 2:30 pm . bring a friend ! #soapurdue
not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i'm getting ready for the party . help .
wide wali eent to sirf deekhane ke liye hoti thi . .
bhai aa jao nahi to katrina ko bol dunga;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)
Net nhi h kya ?
afc away fans on saturday . all this stuff about the 'she said no' chant . it's bollocks . when he has the ball , just turn your back on him .
Main jara hu nahane neutal
section b mein chun chun ke harami bhare hai :d
modi ke samne kejriwal (paap) kuch bhi nahi & rahul gandhi(cong . ) toh apne logon ko hi sambhal nahi paraha . . . . . . . so . we want modi & bedi(bjp) in delhi
salman agr tun mery samnay aa gea to ma teri film bna dunga bhenchod apny ap ko tun smjhta kia ha
Ap ne kya kia h Jo log itne bure coments de rhe han.mje ni pta.kya ap btae ge?
Coro or kutto pr brosa mt kro
teri vajah se hatna pada
this sunday new york giants are going down . #steelers
ye insan kaam nahi kar sakta khali majak hi uda sakata hai
don't worry they have misbah afridi akmal to screw it up for them.. #indvspak
Apne naam se khan hatalo
Dukkar h salman suwar kahi ka
sirf SALWAAR ???? Abe aese to hr ldki achi lgegi ... p or sweating b hogi he ... D
salman kuthe dine islam ka gaddar sharam o haya ke hudud se dur hai
kya yaar admin aaj pehli baar confession daala tha wo bhi nhi post kiya aapne
aab kya sudhrenge .
Ruk
maine to supw mein . . . . master saab ko paise de diye the apne aap no . mil gaye :d
#220 My girlfriend has a weird fetish , she likes to dress up like herself but acts like a complete bitch . It should ideally be the other way round ...
disappointing to see the uk govt issueing reassuring messages to tehran http/URL maybe they were influenced by :)
rt the amount of hindus disliking #beefban shows the pathetic state of #hindus !
M tonhi mile ??
Ha sacchi mein
rahul gandhi ka gujrat elections me prachaar karna is like rajpal yadav trying to win over angelina jolie from brad pitt . . . .
Na na
Maa bap hain na
" justin is nominated for 5 grammy awards " thats weird ? considering that the nominations dont get announced til december . .
#delhielections people are still confused, it's not referendum neither against modi nor congress but against dirty politics. #aapsweep
sad i won't get to see on the challenge: battle of the seasons tonight :( i guess i'll have to wait until next wednesday . .
usk ghr wale kraa rh h
Bhai sab ko pagal samjha h kha ho
buffalo bills' kyle williams misses practice thursday: for a second straight day , buffalo bills . . . http/URL #bills #nfl
kab kitna karaoge..wait
y'all tryna fuck with chapel hill tomorrow night ? ? ?
Baki lappi mein hain
hypocrite is the word best suited for ak
gau raksha aur sewa hindu dharmik kriya hai ... par kisi kay khane-pine pe rok lagana galat hai #beefban
pls tv5 just get that sucker's leg (rvp) broken 4 me on saturday pls ! !
Main ara hu di holibse ek din phle
not red carpets for presidents but mind the roads and slums or we will sweep you out .@aamaadmiparty .@aapsweep #delhidecides
january jones in jason wu: usually i adore january's red carpet looks but this isn't for me . nude with black mesh =meh http/URL
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness. May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
kya bolu dil hi toot gaya, log hans rahe hain hamare upar ki kangaroo ko kutte ki tarah pita #ausvnz #indvsuae #cwc15
to vinay dubey , please stay away from my anurag ( mundhada ) . he is mine ! don't you dare flirt around with him or stock him .
kejriwala & is team r making money in the name of aap party . .
u r non sense ! don't fool out of plp
ab kuch nhi ho sakta modi ji
i have peed in the sac swimming pool several times after realizing that a lot of swimmers do it too . . .
so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat . night at 1am pst w/ layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour .
#72 It's been a whole year and I still haven't had sex , even though my wingmates think I'm this stud who hangs out and talks to girls all the time .
the epic insult when u ask - may i come in sir ? and someone from staffroom says - no
Or kuch ho ja na ho par j bnda sarkari paise par duniya jarur ghum lega.
that's like blaming rafa for the season we finished 7th while ignoring the negative impact of cecil and h&amp;g !
my neighbor in iit never trusted me . so that made me furious . hence whenever he and his girlfriend used to do stuff , i used to stop the music in my room .
Ho jygi
guddu . . ans dede bhai . . nhi to kachhua sir dnde se tere sath contra khelenge . . .
Isiliye
" damn next saturday tho " niggas was trynna get shit over with #early
all i understand about the union budget, is that, it fails to address the issue of 'my fiscal deficit'! #unionbudget2015
if you call me 'good girl' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region .
Kitna kar liya ?
Ab mara fir
Huu
hahaha fake hai salo
from feb 15, islamic state of delhi will be headed by caliph and sharia law will be implemented. #unluckydelhi #aapsweep
Avni didi ka bhi aise Hi nahi nahi bolta tha
Yaar book mili kya ??
Ayyo
Haan bhejta hoon
oh is it . . . . then try to get a job of watch man even in that local hospital . . . . . . . they will not let u in even for analyzing shit . . . 3 :)
guddu , pamela k naag paash meh jakda gaya hai . . . . . . beta ab tumse na ho payega ;)
ar hum utne me hi khush . . .
Dance
rugby tonight and it's like freezing omg i may die
bete ko baap ke saamne uchhal na nahi chahiye... waarna kohli aur raina jeisa thenga padega #indvspak
rubbish news . . . . baki sab badsurat hain kya ? ? ?
Kya chutiye log hain Jo ise eid Mubarak bol rahe hain is kamine ko kya mlm k ramzan kya hai aur eid kyu manate hain...ise to sirf paison se mtlb hai
dadaji budhape mein sathiya gye hai . . .
koi BC ye btaega ki BC gali h ya nhi
bhak chutiya sala bhosrdi k shar gairat naam ki koi chiz nhi kya re tujme
Jawab kyun nahi aaya
within a second , i start feeling nostalgic . . .
can't watch rafa's " i'll be back " video til the end , it's too heartbreaking :( plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in ao 5th set . . .
Ye jhut hai.
janwar insaan se zyada ho jae ge agar kuch mahina #beefban raha toh...... phir khud hi maaro ge apne janwar #chutyagiri
Mandir gaya tha main ..
gaay hamari mata hai, inko koi nai khata hai. #beefban
aabay india k sowar. cow ka peshab penay walay . pakistan aja. tujhe karachi ka peshab khane ly jaounga. roz 3 liter pelaounga. or khane hai tujhe cow ka gobar bhe khelaounga. maa ke choot tere or teray bhen l loray BAGWAN ki
disrupting #railbudget2015 is really shameful this is not a political argument congress is trying to destabilize the parliament
Kya karke jaoge. Aap
popat bnaa diyaa be saale ne . . .
Nai yar
uae is playing or learning its really confusing. #indvsuae #worldcup2015
hamare zamaney may laat lagti ti pichwadey pe
maa ko bank mat bnao mar jaane ke bad kam aa rhi he
arre respected anna ji ek ki side ho jao kabhi aap ki burayi to kabhi bjp ki , confuse kyo kar rahe ho mausum janta ko
Paglii hy kya tu Aliya Khan mene bola or tu sch man ri hye
match ka jod hai hile se bhi na hilega :p
i had my 9th statndard science paper on the next day of world cup final 2003 .
Modi ji aap ko sabhi ne vishvas kiya hai but us par pani phirte dekh rahe hai mp balaghat mai pani ki tenk kitne dino se saf nahi hui hai bahot log bimariyo ke ghere mai sab aap hi thik kar sakte ho
Are hmm se age b Kuch bol lo
Tu gurao se$hi hil na$hi sakta?
rahul has gone to venus to empower it after someone told him women are from venus. stop asking #whereisrahul #rahulonleave . ok.
dharna dharna dharna dharna . sala kab tak chalega dharna . . . . jab jab election atey h iska dharna utsav suru ho jata hai . . . . . . anna hame hamara neta mil chuka hai wo hai modi . . . . tum sonia se lokpal bill to pas nahi karwa paye 2 saal me lekin modi ne kam waqt me itne bade projects pr kam suru kr diya hai . . . . tum kya ukhad paye . . . . . tumara dattak putra ek baar kursi pr baitha lekin uski kadr nhi kr paya usey c . m . nahi p . m . banna tha . . . . ab to c . m . ke layak bhi nahi raha . . . . . . . . ijjat kar rahe the lekin ab nahi rahi man me ijjat tumare liye
that was expected by #congress coz people were fed up of them but never thought #bjp will come down to this #aapsweep
baat na kr smjha
Ki thii usne bas mun bola
notakibaj hai kejriwal
Nayi h yr
baap hmsa baap hota ! lekin kejriwal to beta bane layakb nhi ! hai ! kejriwal ke jhute vada mein na yahe ! delhi ko dil se delhi lekin pahle kejriwal ko bhaao !
seems my new ipod doesn't like kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time it's got to syncing empire . 10th time lucky . . .
Kahan h abhi
fir tere ko de dungi
or bhai sub ko bol do kye ap mare bhai ho ap ko kasm hai ap ke bhai bhai samj kar agar ap moje bhai samj te ho to facebook par boldo kye babar khan mangi mara friend nh balke bhai hai ap ki bhai babar
Sir,kuch apne desh me bhi ghoom liya jaye, kahin bijli to kahin pani,aur kahin road hi nahi haiAchhe din jab aayenge aate rahenge,aap to aao
teri aukat kya hai khabbis jo ham musalmano ko nich bolta hai
lag rha h bhai aise ni aayenge
mai hat gaya buri halat hai
agr aana nhi tha to bolna jroori tha :(
katai ashleel launda ha guddu :p
Salman murda bad
ghar mein bade bhai behen ki to shamat aa jaati thi
kash yaar . . . . kismat hi futi hui hai is baar
Oo salman sale ku bohat ghamand ayi musalmaano ku bola ki musalman koy bi nahi dekhe tho bi chalegi meri film bolke bola
aur navrathri ke time pe bhi exam rakhte the kbhi jaane hii nhi milta tha
#rahulonleave poor guy is tired after an exhausting sleep in parliament, aicc meets and ..... let him wake up and go to vegas to his gf
Ek zaroori baat he k koi bhi musalmaan bhai salman khan ki (BAJRANGI BHAIJAAN) movie dekhne k liye naa jaae. Us harami ne musalmano ko challenge kiya hai k wo ...
ye sb tune reltn me anese pahle kyu nai soch jo ab soch raha hai uski lyf kharb karne k bd tum jaise insan ka soch kbhi nai badal sakta ..
shit yaar . . . . . jeans hoti toh fir bhi ek bar koshish kar sakta tha , shorts me toh 3:)
here i am procrastinating at my work desk reading iibt confessions , as usual . . . oh wait . . . i didn't even go to iitb ! - thank you for your entertainment ! !
Han di. Man to bohot hai mera ghimne ka
Salaam bhai aap ye accha kaam nahi karre
Ghanta
u r anarchist . hate u kejru . and also against industralization .
watching my favourite behind the scenes (for the 4th time) when jennifer hudson goes awol . 'excuse me , what the hell is going on ? ! '
Kaise ho bhaiyya
a delayed marksheet from cbse and the stupid policies of the university have completely ruined my career . . my revised marksheet had an increase of more than 20 marks making my percentage so good that i had cleared the cut off of st stephens also for certain subjects . however i still couldn't make it to the college of my choice . two of the top 5 colleges of the uni which i went to refused to admit me saying that general quota has been over admitted already we are open only for reserved classes now . . from begging to requesting , appealing and even showing them the section in the du prospectus which clearly states that revised mark sheets will be considered ( it doesn't mention anything about over admission or any other condition ? ) speaking to hod's , principals and other officials i did every possible thing . however all efforts went waste . . today i am stuck in an off campus college which has no infrastructure no teacher's and is practically in the middle of nowhere . and most people of du dont even know this college exists . . . .
Bhaiyya ?
loksabha chunav ke time mamta banerjee ki delhi wali sabha me bheed nhi juti to beemari ka bahana bana liya tha . ye hain anna
i always used to think ultra nerds make up iitb . . . now i realize that you guys are as clueless as anyone else in the same age group , possibly more socially challenged !
i'm listening to the a capellas of the 2nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is . not that i didn't already know from his other albums
Chutiya banadiya sab ko
shhh dont use that word secular,these so called sacred vegetarian people would call u a sinner #beefban tried alot last nyt
Maine socha main b dekh lunga
sonya khan ek hijda musalmaan hai isey apna gender ni pata
halloween may be the second worst holiday , right after valentine's day
Dekh lunga yaar
ye kya baaat hoti h ?
" make in india " only in speeches , reality is to get " made in china " . id's made in china was used in today's rally . .
Haan wohi
guddu : lagta hai kachua sir ko apne bache hue baalo se moh nhi hai . . . inka kuch karna padega . . . ;)

salman ki band baj jani chahiye is baar
Han sogaya tha be
cupid did so much work da 1st time that he don't wanna be my friend no more
Even though you knew your dad isnt that well off , you still demanded a galaxy S and a laptop . Thats really amazing you know ..
Tab usse le liyo
indian bowlers did well. but feel the uae batsmen did not give in to the bowlers they were facing- they gave in to the reputation.#indvsuae
Ahaan.. Gujiya or namastey uhh
Woi MUN
Saale salman tu musalman ke khilaf hokar bohot niche girega
hmmmm
Pk?????......agar bhagwan ko pujne ke liye ek chhoti si murti ki jarurat ni hai to tum bahanchod hizdo ko itne bade maszid ki kya jarurat hoti hai DHILE LAND KI PAIDAISHO???
judging by his face amla clearly would have a much denser bush growing out his ass #indvssa #bleedblue
acha saale
aur har bhade ke tattuo se comment karwane wala har SALMAN KHAN musalmaan hota hai
Hi bro
okk
Dur se haat hila do wo hasi to pati aur agar nhi hasi to try another
Salman muzhe mere sawal ka jawab cahiye hum nich to tu kon akher tu bhi muslim h na most reply
Breathig problem ho gayi thi raat mein bahut
ye sala kachhua sir maarte bahut hain
guddu bohut vulgar ho gaya hain . . . . . . ;)
Hi
1st of all in my world theres only good n evil ! real ppl n fake mf's ! this is why i really feel jlin won't make it ! not durable like yao ming !
mere aas paas kuch ka tv kharab h aur meri kismat ,
m to us ladki k baare m soch rha hu jo buddhe ko khada kar k baiith gayi .. . #extrememannerisms
shakl bhgawan deta hain insaan kuch nahi kar sakta.. par ye toh baate bhi gandi kartey hain dhakan hain dono #aapsweep
apna chehra dekh pahle
stop expecting from others . . . evryone is selfish . .

oh good news modi kitna na mard he . ek kejriwal ko rokne ke liye saare bjp ke neta lagaya
just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something . #why
Bas yar or 2 ghante
Aur Salman bhai apki hum apka movies nhi dekhne jainge,,, Q k apnea ussme wahiyaad bhagwan ka chalissa gaya ha jiska wajse Muslim ko sarminda hona padege,,,,, Pura mehena yani month ,, roza Namaz padne k baad ye sunnege,,, kya bhai apko koi aur movies nhi mila kya
13th . there is no android device worth buying outside of the nexus line , in my opinion . especially not the galaxy s line
Sahi kara
Pata nhi
Bahut mast tha
Arreee yaaarrr Gara mara yaar
wah anna ji apse yahi umeed thi bolne lage rajneeti ki bhasha kahe ke gandhiwadi
all girls are not like you think but its just you met wrong girls at this time ! !
Sahi h
jo jeetna tha 2007 or 2011 me bo jeet liya ab jeetege baba ji ka thulu
Corruption .. still i read somewhere that he can contest elections after 6 years . wtf
iss jhoot ke liye janta maaf nahin kregi . . .
Katrina ranvir ke saath hai..tum kya kor rahe ho
ek second k liye laga ki guddu ki maa ne gaali di ! ! :p
kyaaa yaaar ...umidd thi k aaj kuch had tak to sapna sch hoga leki pandey ji umid tod di naa..
hmmm
so they should've ran the ball on 3rd &amp; 7 ? blame cam all u want but flacco is the problem . elite qbs dont have games like that
#178 I stole Rs 400 from my 1st roomie , he actually thought it was someone else in the wing ... Since I was his roomie I was beyond suspicion 0 )
Agye tum log chennai se ??
beti k exam k liye 80000 hajar rupey me banglow rent pe liya . . . kya ye delhi ki janta k sath dhuka nahi he ? ? ?
Sunao
Direct dinner
fucking part time fans . where were you at boro away on saturday ?
or yeh fenku to kejriwal se darr gea hai . . .
i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday , particularly when he assisted bale for the 1st goal #thfc
bhai hai na
Han bhi aur nhi bhi .. Net se uthaya h bahut kuch
guddu hamesha laat khane walay kaam hi kyon karta hai ?
kamina hai ye
Kya hua tera wada...hmne to suna tha ki aap ek bar commentment kr dete ho to khud ki b nhi sunte bolo sallu bhai..kya hua. Aaj ka wada bat krne ka
http/URL visit to #iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist
Mun kaha hori h ?
Madhar chod sale kutte ki aoulad salman khan ki ma ka bhosha
halhi me karnal ko marnevale atankvadiko sahid kahene valeke satha arvind kejarival ishka matalab saf he delhi me agar atankvad badhana he or dushara sindh prant bana na he siya muslim or hindu oki katale aam karvani he to aap ko vote kare varna kishi b party ko vote kare par aap party ko nahi . . . . deshdrohi party he aap ( arvind kejarival)party . jai hind
aanna ji aisa mat bolo bharat ratn mil jayega
Sab thik hi hai
" how many continents was the challenge filmed on ? " " 21 ? " okay , what did you fail 2nd grade ?
its not only single person . . . . state govt is main part of this riot . . .
So gyi thi
Hij do ka sardar bangaya sala bajrangi kotta
abe bakalol kejariwal modi se hi hara tha
Anekta me ekta ki visheshta
koi aur pasand aagai ye ek jagah tik nahi sakte tum
Tu aaya nhi ?
francesco totti thinks roma will be unable to catch juventus &amp; wants the #seriea side to aim for 3rd this season http/URL
abp vale sale jo bhi milta hai use hi chaf dete ha
Han
rt alia bhatt files a case against sohail khan. being an indian actor how he can play in pakistan team. #indvspak
allah ke nam ki behurmati ki tune salman
Aaj kal had koi salman khan banta pherta ha
we demands things on the name of development but we wont give our land then how is this possible.r we lost or confused #landacquisitionbill
:-( . . khuda se mang kar laye the umar-e-draz char din , . . khuda se mang kar laye the umar-e-draz char din . . . . do aarzoo me guzar gaye aur do intezaar me . .
Tada
Han .. Aur kya ho rha h
the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto's ! ! !
tera boyfriend priest lagta hai ...... r tu btameez dil btameez dil mane na maane na ...... mera wala to lallu tha usko pata h nai laga p
media cha ti to pele hi bar aaa jata ye raaj
kis pagal na post kiya iski
Started
achha hua maa ne baigan ka bharta nahi banaya . ! ! ! ! !
yeh sahi naheen banaya aapne guddu bhai . aapko mafi mangni chahiye . aapke kaee ladkiyan bhi fan ho chuki hain aur yeh behudi harkat kee aapne . . .
mujhe kbhi kisi ne gaadi pe nhi baithaya . . . main to hamesha unke piche he daudta . . .
i'm on the last 3 episodes for the 10th time . i still want to bootfuck phil &amp; johnny sac every time they talk .
Tera kya plan h aaj ?
rt raga on a sabbatical..man that is some news!!should give him ample time to watch chhota bheem and shin chan!! #rahulonleave
snigdha main bhi ghar pe reh gaya . bimaar . bahut sardi ho gayi . kisi ki baddua lagi hai .
Na g na.. Irade nake na hann Nake ha8
okkk
hahahah guddu ko play mein part lena hi nahi tha ! aisa kaunsa kaam hai jo humara guddu kar nahi sakta
Kailash vijaywargiya ko nikaal bahar karenge aap ya apni saari mehnat or haamare bharoshe pe paani phirwaiyega
Abhi unko nai pata kya ?
Hi Bye
Salman khan madharchod randy ka ladka harami kafir
yaar galti to tune ki hai aise koi drink mein heraferi karta hai kya . . but ab tuje bhi nahi pata tha ki aisa kuch hoga tu use samjhane ki koshish kar ab jo hona tha ho gya .
just watched " project x " for the 1st time , im unamazed . . y'all hyped it way past what it was . .
Ab mai wait kar raha hu ki wo chota sa farmer ( vadra ) kab sucide karega /
my birthday on february . my friends think it's for valentine's day but i don't believe so . :(
neha tyagi me b aise he krta tha . . but maam manti nai thi
le aaya main
seriously -_-
thali ka baigan
chalre sale terishe kon bat karega tu kon hai
Ho gaya
amjad ali to apne pakistan ke lala lagte hain. apna jassos hain harwane aya hain uae ko #cwc15 #indvsuae
Kya Hua ?
the #unionbudget2015 is not an digest of policy changes (in edu, industry, health etc). remains to be seen if those will be liberalised.
okkk
world bachch raoyega to dhoni match ke maidan me royenge
modiji aap itna paysa ghumne me lagarahe ho desh girvi rakhana hai kya
too soon ? amazon opens black friday deals store: thanksgiving is weeks away , the world series only ended on sund . . . http/URL
Mera Islam mera mazhab. Ik allha ik qhuran . Tu kya samjaye ga hume
kisk sath
how's channel 4 celebrating its 30th anniversary ? is it pretending the first 20 years when it was any fucking good never happened ?
i agree .. the system is inefficient n relentlessly playing wid students careers
Nai
if you cant win someone , spread rumours abouthim , abuse him . and thats what modi is doingthats what bjp is doing . keep on . people of delhiis educated not blind .
Di namaskaramm
wo cricket ka maidaan delhi ke chunaavi dangal ki tarah hota tha :p
the ending to the grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie i've ever seen
nowadays ppl r getting more nervous nt of inflation in country . Rising dollar rupee index but of fuckin unshaved armpits ......
bhosdiwalo bhai ke khilaf kuch galt mat bolo tumhari life jhand krdunga me mc harami log
Yakkk
Mai Ni darta
how can arnab give 9/10 to #unionbudget2015 by is still a mystery??? rejected by markets, common man! explain?!!!
apke gags ke wajah se hi hum jinda hai warna husne ka bahana aur bacha hi kya tha
faisal bhai . . . . . tum yaar humaare paap yaad dila dete ho ! ! ! !
they should make february 13th desperation day .
clueless about other issues
Mullo ko bhagao...TP mat karo
indian air force may not go with israel a second time http/URL
rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra . . . http/URL
Mujhe aap se ye umid nahi thi bhai
bhai sidha mere dil pe waar kiya hai . rula diya . koi mera bhi admission kara do . sirf ek hi to kaam dhang se ata hai .
batata hun
Chalo to rat me vaartalap karte hain
Faltu log hi jayenge is harami ki movie dekhne isse kya pata Islam kya hai
aby guddu kbi to sudhr ja yr . .
Han woh saala madarchod h
im going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid .
??
Kaun kaun tha ??
Nich musalman kis ko bola pehle apne aap ko dekh tu aaj jaha par hai un musamano ki vajah se hai. Samga.hamko dhamki deta hai kon dekhna chahega ye sadi movie
Kisne aafat molni hai muje pareshan karke
#rahulonleave congress on self destruction path
kejaribawal cm nahi ban payega kyonki ye deshdrohiyo se mila hai .
Or me bhi indian hu kon hota he ye jo musalman ko gali de or khud ko musalman kehta he jaheel
work almost over with then these negros won't see my face till monday night !
anna ne bhi aap join kar li public ko chuna laga ke
its me sorry to say but i m not allowed in any match or around tv room when india play
don't get into such complicated issues when you don't have the balls to face the consequences . .
areee pahle ye to bta do ki guddu ka dabba kis subject mein 'gol' nahi hai , , hayeen
yep . once it's lost , it can never be returned . i was in constitution hall last fri . got chills . so much history was almost lost
confidence is good bt overconfident is not good . . . . . . . .
well being a general candidate you wouldnt had any option to lie on the basis of that only one examination . . such is life for general candidates :-(
#333 I have peed in the SAC swimming pool several times after realizing that a lot of swimmers do it too ...
apple ceo 'extremely sorry' for problems with new maps: source: http/URL --- sunday , september 30 , . . . http/URL
Modi ji sorry bidesoon main mat ghoomo apne naitaoo saansdon ko pakdo belagaam hote ja tahe hain gareeboun ki socho 1 2 Rs ki policiyon se kuch nahi hoga moti aasamiyoun se paisa nikalo gareboun se nahi
#landacquisitionbill annaji, chuki aap kam padhe hai, aap vohi samajhte hai jo aapko samjhaya jata hai. kash aap chizo ko samajhte.
okk
our wacky wednesday promo , is going a bit ground hog day ! ! ! i say our our wacky wednesday promo , is going a bit . . . http/URL
Akbarudin ovasi ek Sacha Muslim he or tu sale Musalmano ke naam pe kalank he sale suvar jese saqal Vale
Mast hun di
Sab thik hi hai
Aur bhaisahib kya ho rha hai ?
mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom . bigger issue is pepper-spraying people who want to march on republic day
Mai nahi khelta
rula diya guddu ;(
ss but they have really good music and it's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace #ripmitchlucker
buddhe ka dimag khisak gya h
i wish team will nt b overconfident after winning 2 matches . . coz its usually thr bhvr thy bcum overconfident aftr wining as still thr r more competitors thy ve to face .
bhai in sb ko mirchi wali samose khilao bahut chilla rhe h
markets reaction to the budget was all over the place excluding late hour recovery...given the hype it disappointed...#unionbudget2015
match hrane me guddu ka maa ka bahut bada hath hota agr guddu ke papa rokte nhi . . :)
Ab kis baat bheek mang rha rha hath faila kr eid pr
Ye faltu logo ka to yehi kam h kisi ko acha nhi dekh sakte
are pagl to nhi ho gya h re tu kejriwaaaaal . . . ? ? main mudde se bhtk gya yr . . . .
abp waalo tum to naamard ho dava khareed ke apni biwi ko khila do taaki bachha ho sake , , , ya to apni maa bahno ko mere paas bhej de sab 9 mahine me prosses karte hai mai 6 mahine me bachha nikaal ke dunga
bhaiyo aman ki bto m mt aana ye bjp ko bdnam karne ki sajish hai . ab aap log congress ke piche kyu ni padte unse dosti ho gayi hai aap logo ki isliye .
i had a " nightmare " last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my #fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith . #truestory lol
aise manhoos har jagha pe hote hain or wo jab aise score puchte hain toh koi nahi batata . . .
hackers have already defeated windows 8 , and readwrite mobile ranked it 5th in interface design , behind ios and android .
cricket khelne ke samay saare sweaters ek jagah rakhte the , or baad me saare interchange ho jaate the .
mammi hi bigadti hai . . .
Salman tera garoo bhi too tega tujhe fakre hai aapne Filme pe dekhe lena eid ka din tum hara filme koye bhi musalman nahi dekhe ga kiya budha to 50 ka hogaya...
nautankibaz b
Pooja soja nahi ane wala bhaija
ye na sudhrne ke ! ! !
the mere mention of catholics makes my blood rise - and i was raised catholic . rejected somewhere around 5th grade .
hamare desh ka ek naya kahani jo sunte na bane waha belief kaise kare fir v desh mahan hai
if you built ford tough or built like ray lewis on a sunday in full pads , take yo ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans .
i guess knicks/heat is on for now . pretty clear that tomorrow's game wasn't going to happen .
Bhadra hai sala
Or Kuchni
my body is exhausted . i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront , where i accidentally sat on dead fish , to 55th and king dr . and back .
namstei bol diyu di ko b fufa g ko b okkk
amit ji nahi dikh rahe o
bikaner kb tur h. halat kharab h bikaner k . surdhna gav jane wali sadak ka bhi kbi chal ke dekho us sadak pe..
Bahan chood teri
#50 I like this babe but she has a bf and I know I'm getting super friendzoned and I think it's worth it just to be closer to her (
it should be proper i think those people will start manipulate evm machines from now . .
Ha ab dekh le
looks like ur 70 promises are fake like you . . i am sure u will take big u turn . . .
#beefban there should be ban on beef throughout the country.
bechara guddu jab bhi maze lene hi wala rehta hai kachua sir uski band baja dete hai
You should have taken a naked or half naked pic of him and share it on his fb wall . )
bht
Sana aa gaya tumara nakli salman khan hahaha....
there were number of jansabha with peoples participation of common people of delhi , but these corrupt paid media just black out all such jansabha , if people of delhi did not realize the motive of corrupt parties and paid media once again they will be fooled by corrupt nexeus
q jhoot bol raha bhai
Kal phr kitne baje
i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight &amp; give brooklyn they 1st l fuck you #hurricanesandy
modi ji roj hajaro gaaye kat rhi he uanka kuc kro jo bi suvar gaayo ko katata he un ko fasi do ya haat per kat kr corahe pr fek do salo ko
ye sala kachhua sir maarte bahut hain
Par dekh le
Kya kar rha h
O pagal ye asli salman khan thori hai :-)
Hua kya
Kuch log zindagi bar nhi samjte or na dusro ko samjhne dete h kud toh bekar hote h dusro ko bhi apni tarh bana dete isliye vo kabhi nhi samjege.
Kabhi to indiya me raho modi ji kasmir hamara janam shid adikar he 67 sal kangres ne bevkuf banaya ap ko jitaya he ab visvas mat todana piliz sar jitni bhi galt dhara he kasmir me use hatao baki des to ham yowa chalahi lenge
i thing i notices. aaptards has no logic against #landacquisitionbill they just waste time by rhetoric. now 4 publicity #arvindannaback
Ml nahi thi
a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband , but may only do so with her bare hands . (hong kong)
youva job ki talash me bhatak raha , bhrast vyastha me koi sudhar hota dikh nahi raha ,
Tere awaaz kutta ke awaaz Sam hi chor muslman hi to
reggie isn't interested in dealing picks like the old regime . can't see him parting with anything other than a 6th or 7th
Kyu gf bi baby hoti h kya
hmmm
Are didi
???
ramdev baba baba nahu hai . neta hai . or badmash bi hai .
Phle
abe salman khan yaha logo ko bewakuf bana raha he aur log ban b rahe he per me nahi banoonga samjha be bajrangi
why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he's in the penalty box ?
because it reduces the probability of getting a girl . which in turn reduces the probability of our precious money being wasted on these girl which should be invested in daru ... P
esa nahi hai yaar ladkio k b game hote hai tetris lagao . . . . :p
ye tumse na ho payega . . .
finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday . . . let's just say &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; smmfh ugly ass shoes !
guddu aisi ki taisi teri . . :-d
that look teachers give you when u go to staffroom asking for a subject teacher to correct ur marks in class test . . .
Tum kafar ho
Pgl h ??
modiji....humane apko wot diya lekin muze ab lag raha he ki me rong tha
Di ksi h ?
??
#71 Last night I thought about one of my guy friends in Meta while touching myself . I couldn't look him in the eye today ...
Woh bhul Gaya tha lana
#115 I live in Tansa . I recently started sleeping naked and now , I literally can't sit in my room without being butt naked . It's a problem . Thank the Lord I don't have a roommate .
Are m launga tension na lo ap
guddu beta aaj school na jaiyo heehehe
Oooo such m tum hi ho ??
gir gaya buddha kichar me .
ye bhosdiwale bhagne vale nhi bc mc harami sale suwar ki olad
for the night is dark and full of terrors . . .
Bas maje me
thand ki wajah se life ek dum lul ho gyi hai . . .
Star logon ke nakhre yaho hote hai abhi inka 4 nahi baja
Mortath kafir hy tu salman kanjr
free ke lalaaj me mat aana delhi walo
just came back from foreign internship . it's a drastic step down in hot ( ? ) & willing chicks . just thinking about the sexual tradeoffs i'm paying for the iit tag .
#railway fair not increased so it is not mean that #railbudget2015 is good #prabhukirail
Gand faad
ja rahi hu ek bottle pani pine ab pandey ji khabardar jo issko kabi mere samne laye bhi
gaay humari mata hai humko kuch nahi aata hai! #beefban
Kuch hua to nahi tha na?
dude exactly same here . . . after 3 years we broke up coz it was affecting my career her caeer and not able to enjoy also . . .
Madar Salman nai chalegi film
ye saale sirf aap se sawal puch kr hi jitna cha rahe hain
to hum kya kare p ... chal dafa ho ab (
born in february close to valentines . through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma always b crazy
Tera kaisa chal rha h
#saziailmiissounlucky she could give 'friday the 13th' a complex! #aapsweep #delhidecides #feb10witharnab
kai bar to bahar pic dusri aur game andar dusre nikalte the
mar jaye woh log jo mujse jalte hai mere bharmini hone se jalte hai unka wenaash ho jaye
guddu khud kb cycle chalana sikhega . . har bar shan ke piche hi baithta hai . . . :)
chalegi jhaadu udegi dhool , naa rahega panja na rahega flower .
look at the countries we're playing , we were 6th seeds . also we're missing ched evans , bellamy , ramsey , collins etc etc !
#122 f**king chose bloody IITK because I wanted this dept ... I should have taken IITB for a lesser dept , would have definitely had more fun in college life & much better job prospects .
Yeh ki yeh namard hai
lambi line hai aapke chahnewalo ki.unme hum shyad apko dikhe bhi na :(
naye patakhe kharid lo yaar ye purane bomb to fuss ho gye h ab tak . . . . .
u bhonkoge hi hone wala kuch hai nhi
chl ht salman
#happybirthdayjustinbieber trending ahead of #unionbudget2015. shame on you #middleclass
Love failire
To tu kare kya h ghar ne

ye to bajrangbli ka kutta h ye h musalman nhi tum kaafir ko pasand krte ho mujhe nafrat h aise logo se.....
Main ara hu di holibse ek din phle
yai adami hai ya paja , , , , , kabi arvind ko chor kheta hai kabi modi ko , , , , media walo anna ko garam duud pelao
SALMAN khan KI maaki chit uski maaki chutme modi KA lawda saala harami KI janwaad naaliya kholia KI paidaas uski bahen KI naak me ganpati KA land WO chinaal Randi maadarchod hai
medea jahan biki ho wahan kisi ki nahi chalegi or yahan(india) ka aalam kuch aisa hi h
Nhi
Chal aaja gurgaon
#rahulonleave sad to see degeneration of to a spicy saucy entertainment channel - land bill was much more important
badmash
udbilao naam se hi manhooos lagta hai . . . :@ :(
waise paison k liye ye lines sirf hum ladko ko sunni padti thi . . . betiyon ko to bas farmaish krte hi paise mil jate the . . . or aaj bhi unhe demand krte hi pasie mil jate hai . . .
Tu bata
Isbar tmhari le li jyegi preshaan na ho
#56 I'm in HSS doing M . Phil . Lately , every day is an existential crisis where I am in a moral dilemma choosing between spending my last few rupees on daaru or sutta .
how are you spending your saturday night ? i'm currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow .
kya hua apka wada woh kasam woh irada
Okay
but for me , studying tax is a big deal right now :(
bhupender panwar hijda musalmaan hai
aa jaiyu okkk
Main
it was weird when a different couple took the spot . but it wasn't when you were there with different guys ?
not funny -_-
Saale
watched the vow for the 5th time and i'm still tearing . what's wrong with this movie . it's tooo . . . omg i can't even .
amit ji ke baal safed ho gaye hain . jawaani aane se pehle dhal gayi
Moti ..
bahut ho gaya aatyachaar ab ki baar, bikini utaar! #poonampandeykobulao #indvssa
bhakt kripya galiye chalu rakhe
Hell is waiting for the defaulters ..... Sex before marriage ! Awwwww ! These guys will never confess here his breakup and cheating in future ...! Good ......
Ek baar milke tyo dekiye...aap daang reh jaayenge...
machine gun kelly concert on the 30th ! ! me &amp; bout 2 shut this bitch down !
yeh harkatein to aaj tak nhin gayi
Interest
time for james harden (34 points) to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th #linsanity #sarcasm
rt that awkward moment when it's safer being a cow than a woman. #beefban
congress should contest more elections! the more their candidates loose deposits, the more income it is to the gov!!#delhidecides #congress
Arre bc
uss time aap hoti ti kejriwal se iski jaanch karwatey . . . sabse bada scam to yehi hai ji bhartiya itihaas ka . . . hum to kab se keh rahe hain
may be she didnt got pk movie tickets lolz hahahhahahaha
Kiska bhaijan kahan ka Bhai jaan Kutte tu ek nambar shetan,,,, Eed me hi aata he,, kharab karne imman,,,
ro le fir
ladkiya fir fail ho gyi lolz
obviously , i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i haven't even watched it ! well , i watched the 1st ep , that's where i heard that song ! ^^
aaj stuart binny ko khalana chahiye tha dekhna tha tond ke sath bhagte huye kaisa dikhta h #indvsuae
what's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day ? being stuck in a monday loop .
they canceled the frankie date that was supposed to be tomorrow . so now everyone is going to the rescheduled show in south bend .
acha ni hai , bekaar hai
Tu to nsui ka hi pilura se , yo te manne bera tha
bhai tumhara ghar or ghar ke share log islaam ke naam par kaala dhappa ho islaam se judi koi bat nahi he tumain
chor hai ye
aaj rajpath par itni security hai ki logo ko apne ghar se tho kya apni rajaai se nikalne ki bhi aanumati nai hai . . . . ;)
this is fake news shame on you media usa how much given you money blady media . . . . . . .
Hehe
was in on sat and they only had the ray lewis home jersey . they didn't have a lot either .
Eis or$en toc ???
Woh bhi
this kind of story has neverever been imagined by anyone. only a real saint can feel the pain of society.#blockbustermsg
Koii fadaa nhii yarro .. Sabbbb fake hii
our left side is the weakness , 1st game for young after injury and evra . . well evra is evra .
Jada ghumte mat raho hamlok ko madat karo hamar bare socho jara ham madat magte to mili nahi qq
Bhikari eid Ka jkate sedka fitra lene aa rha he
#279 My best moments at IITB were while peeing standing at the skydeck on 6th floor of H14 , aiming towards some poor chap sleeping on the 4th floor Skydeck during summer nights . . .
dosti vo hai jo zindgi bhar rhe . . . . kiran ne aaj dosti shabd ko badnaam kiya hai . . . .
bhai aaye ki nahi ab tk
kya likhu han
Or hathi paalna asan bat bhai nahi bhai n
i may ask my doctor for ambien on election night . i'd rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss .
#77 On the hill side , near the temple there is a junior faculty member who sells sutta until 1 AM . Apparently only very few students know about it .
Hi anulaag
okkkk babu
those who want to eat beef i bet many dont have the heart to even see them getting killed . #beefban
yaar bura ho ra hai bht
#344 I've cheated in class assignments , cheated in quizzes , cheated in mid-sems , cheated in end-sems , cheated in my BTP , and currently cheating on my bf . He has no clue .
aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b4 u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps #jogon
feel free i have avote which will not be sure for kejriwals
because y'all have been complaing about him allll the dam time . . not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby &lt;3
Future ki baat mat karo .Hamara aaj bigad raha hai.
watched the wiggles for the 1st time . was embarrassed for those men &amp; then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich . #parenting
itne hi achhe frnds hain na agr ye log tere toh tu apna naam bi bta deta inhe -_-
she never was in love with u . . she was just a friend of urs . . normal college friend . . . valuable suggestion for u is u cant do anything with her , she is not some thing or object . . she is still ur friend n will be .
Baat karle
ye nahi sudhrega . . .
what lies have they told ? catholics may have been 'ethnically cleansed' in some areas but protestants got it worse , no . . .
OK bye
Parso hi 19 ka huya hun aur abi tak single hun .. Tu sale 4th me hi ladki baji karne lag gaya tha kamine
ye sab tune relation mein aane se pehle kyu nai socha jo ab soch raha hai uski life kharab karne ke baad , tum jaise insaan ki soch kabhi nahi badal sakti . .
#80 I was too lazy to walk to the toilet at the other end of the wing , that I used to just pee out of the verandah onto the volley lawns below )
galat he asa karna
pyaar dard deta hai
if you thought that 3jp bhakts will stop "save this tweet" kind of remarks, you were wrong. #aapsweep #aapstorm https://t.co/3ww08jdl5u
i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl .
jisko samajh nahi aaya . . wo jaake pogo dekhe
that sucks , amazon might have some left . . hate that i won't have it until 11am on tuesday though
budha sala sathiya gya hai
Na bhai ??
es baar harenge
Car mein ho
saala bahot harami hai guddu
aisi ummeed nhi thi aapse bhaijaan. . DIL tod diya sbka :-(
Teri maa ka
the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday . damn :|
Kutte
Mai jaanti agar tumne use shaadi Ki to WO mujhe tum he kabhi baat tak karne nhi degi mujhe pata hai aaj usko Meri zarurart hai to WO mujhe itna importants deri
Acha acha
rt ahahahahahaha pawan bansal criticising #railbudget2015. ;-)
sare desh ke gaddar ek desh bhakt ko jukane mai lage hai , but jitega vo ho jisne janta ka dil jeeta hai , vo hai only namo , khujliwal ek desh drohi hai . vo ek only gaddar haim
Hi
Khana khaya yaar
AaP nahi aaoge
mjhe usk liye kuch bhejna h
kejris plan: tu kaam na kar , kaam ka zikr kar , zikr ka fikar na kar . . .
omg . ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man .
sali crak hogi
Khub
gali ke bandar ye samajh na paye, ki kab gaaye hindu aur bakra musalmaan hogaye. #beefban
ap wale harane ke bd fir kaha ka chunav ladenge
Nahi didi wo log nahi aaye
ye baayan hath sabke paas ni hota . . . . hame to khud hi karna parta tha :d
bhaari tharak nikal rhi hai faizi bhai ki is thand mein
aapne achha nahi keya
Haan bhai ??
this is austin rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill !
a #rahulonleave is missing again the 1ly difference is this time it's in #news ,who cares these days as he does anything by living around
Abe ismail pakistan me chal v jaegii to 1 cror se jada okat kya h tum logo ki be
sala salman tare aukat kya hai hmm chutya gandu ..........ek waqt ki namaz padhta hai kya .........aur abhi tak kuwara hai bhadwa sala
madam ji andar ke kalakar ko nahin pahachan rahi hai
Agar ek Muslim hoker iman ke saath gaddari kartha hai use support karnewala usse bada kuffar koyee nahi .pahale unku dawath do jo us darinda ko support kartha ho kaho ki Islam kya
anna pagal he jab jab delhi ka election aata he tab bolta he
Kyun ??
Rat ko likhunga
jenelle lies , 1st she said she was alone &amp;the hosp . now she's saying how weird it was for keiffer's
Dhanyawaad
shit's going down this sat . at neighborhood theatre #drop ! thard
Kabhi SUBHAS CH Bose & Bhagat Singh ki bhi baat kiya karo sirji....Jisne desh k tukde kar diye us aadmi (Gandhi) ki murti anvaran karte phir raheho narendra modiji
am admi party ko muh todh jwab milna chahiye
Akib Jawad TU SULTAN KO FLOP KARAYEGA TU ABE JA CHUTIYA JA TU YHA SE NHI TO THOK DUNGA
bhai ka hua?
bhakto ko pata nahi ke jitni bar kashmir border par upa ki sarkar ke 10 saal main goli bari nahi huyi usse zyada modi raaj main goli bari hui , kya ukhar liya modi ne
garbage bin 5 akshar likhe hain hindi k aur usme bhi galti . . . . bahut tamatar padenge aaj toh . . . .
Hahaha budha bachiyo ko taar raha h
beta agr aisi hi achi life chahta hai to ladkiyo k chakkar me mt padiyo . kutta bna deti hain .
ash wednesday is always hard for me , any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me .
du administration really sucks . . . you are not the only one . . and b . ed is not the only course . . . this is happening with evrey course and hundreds of students are suffering . . .
khuni saale chal jail ja
hamara bajaj . . . . . senti kar diya bhai tune purane scooter ki yaad aa gayi . . . . .
BJP ko lao beiapam karao phir mader ker aatam hatya batao
cofield should have hopped off the dm sticks after his 3rd year . niggas was tired of him lol
Bollywood bhi swachch kara do wo to abhi bhi nanga hi hai...
is on the radio instead . mt it's the first week without any waterloo road . going to be a boring thursday .
Kesi randi ka bacha,
purana ho gaya kejriwal nahi farziwal hai dosto
Thand h
bhai i hate u garbage bin u make me cry
so pls
c'mon . . . don't play with the winans ! ! !
Arrreee Gara mara yaar
i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle , and " christmas " trending on november 1st . . .
Beta kya oarichay karwaoge usakah ghar walo se Parichay
chutiya hai sala
salmaan khan tumhare naam k pichey khan accha nahi lagtahai hata de muslaman ke naam ko jo itna hi bura kagta hai islamic dharm to abhi chod de zarurat nahi hai tumhari islaam ko
Abhi kahan h ?
Han han
south africa is the only team i'm supporting next to india. and it was an miserable performance they displayed today. 3-1 #indvssa #cwc15
tu apna kaam kr
aaj kaal . k bachey yeh kya janae
aankhon main aansu la diye . :p
why do you think murray may leave ? no way a team drafts him before the 5th or 6th round !
Loan ka kya hua
jinke aapne ghar shishe ke ho , aur k ghar pe pathar nahi marte ..munna #aapsweep
but modi and party also thug they are promise makers result nothing
aankhon me aansu aa gaye . . . . :-( :-(
Roja nehi rakhkar film bana rahahay.... Haaramka khana kha raha hay
aboud el zomour , the guy who killed sadat , is now attending the october 6 celebrations at cairo stadium . " shame ! ! ! !
the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night &amp; it's my last night in fl for a min &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
really ? really ? terry's guilt was well proven , tv footage was available . suarez was punished of the strength of evra's word . c'mon !
fir bimaar pado to . . . . mummy . . . . . aaaachhiii ;) :p
jis din humari aadhi aabadi bhi l . o . c . pe khari hokar laghusanka kar degi us din un saalon ke yahan sailaab aa jayega .
Shitg bhul gya
may be we should try dealing beef now..india has no scope for drugs anymore.. #beefban
Haan
navi rabbit in for spay on tues and she's just had a phantom pregnancy . what timing . this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi . no city :(
Kya hua?
Jo gau hatya band ni kar sakta woh hamare kam ka nehi
apna ek wada to pura karke dikhao . . bhagore
ke sath khilvad kar chuka h or vo bhi sanyog se tere sahr hyderabad ki hi thi , abhi bhi time h sambhal ja or kisi handsome hindustani ke pero pad ke mafi mag sayd use tujh pe trs aa jaye or tujhe apni rakhel bna le kyo ki tu ab is ke kabil ni h
nobel peace laureate jose ramos-horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim . . . http/URL
aaj jitne bhi indians ke dil tut jaaye...bas kal kisi bhi indian ka dil nhi tutna chahiye! :/ ;) :d #indvspak #wontgiveitback #indwins
Kahan ?
Oye
aur jab koi ek excuse maar deta tha toh dusra kehta saale ye maine socha hua tha tune kyun bol diya
police , protesters clash at republic day march in turkey: on a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding . . . http/URL
Superb floop salman khan
Koi fayda hai inko ye sab dikhane se????
wrong news .
jis din ye pm bana samajh lena us din india mein se fir ek naya pakistan niklega . . .
mai bhi bahut roya tha bhai
i am ashamed of being in such country where 80 percnt majority has no voice .
i was also not able to understand d matter of sliding down of rupee . . .
Acha .. Bhaiya aaye huye h laagos waale ?
guddu bohut vulgar ho gaya hain . . . . . .
exactly . . ! rules are made for innocent people . . ! and the one who commit crime always get free without any objection . !
Kaahe ?
march 3rd 2010 -do you think kevin rudd is superficial ? yes 85 . 3%(6513 votes) no 14 . 7%(1122 votes) rudd being revealed as a failure #auspol
so disappointed with the movie ghost rider: spirit of vengeance . so not better than the 1st ghost rider movie
So Gaya ?
Haan yeh bhi sahi hai
its a great satire on today's education system of india . . .
Bhai shaadi b kroge ya randwe hi mroge
last night i thought about one of my guy friends in meta while touching myself . i couldn't look him in the eye today . . .
best part is : sharma ji's son getting his ass kicked . . . makes me feel better . . ;)
Vani ap salok se raho muj ko jo b bura kahe ga allah pak deketa hai
Loan ?
Chor hai madarchod salman
ironically this guys who advocate for #beefban wears leather shoes, has leather wallet, jacket etc. why only #beefban ban leather too...
kamina bachcha
the joke is on us delhi.free wifi only for 30 minutes&amp; not for private use http://t.co/luhipim034 #aapsweep #aapstorm http://t.co/godfpm2i9r
jago guddu jago ye jalim teacher . . . . . . hame khush dekhna hi nai chahate hai
kiran bedi ka muh dekho rone ko ho raha h cm ki kursi ke liye . he bhagwan ye ye paap kb band hoga .
Ho Gaya tere susre
my teachers call themselves givng us candy . . . . wasn't even the good stuff . i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow/
this nigga just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez . . . smh , 21st birthday shit
Kute ka bacha hai
Bas vadyia sab
why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas . . . . where the hoes at ?
Madar chord maa chuda Mumbai mai Hyd dheekha to maacood data tari
colleague towed the con-line on #landacquisitionbill, before i explained the bill to her. more than con, media is anti-people
scariest man alive . kendrick perkins is close 2nd " ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice
i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank ? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat . #saintsfc
bhai 4 bhi bahut zada bata diye khelne layak to ek he hofa tha
rt girls, you can't have bf now #beefban
Nice , Somesh Yadav come up with some fancy quote and say that you can't measure anything . C'mon , you know what better looking and hot means .
ab toh koi pasandida cm nahi hai
bas raste me na milna . . . .
chup baith zaleel tu musalman nahi hai aur tu ek c***tiya hai mada****d
nhi bilkul nhi
Han yaar
rail budget is disappointing. bjp = cong regardless of a majority in the ls. #railbudget2015
pakistan: abe uae, tu bhi dagabaaz nikla! uae: chup raho saale! humaari aukat hi itni hai! khud to kuch ukhaad nahi paaye! #indvsuae
Phr hum bhi nhi lenge
migraine since saturday &amp; a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it's located . any more and i'll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch
Aaj pilgrimage tour
Aaja bhan k loda apna baap sa baat kr tare maa ka maru bhoxda sala cutta
Aan
lehen ke bode itne din se kaha mar gaya tha ? ? ?
i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow . . . but nooooooooo , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test
#indvssa hai na vo bhi kam nahi hai...kyuki pakistan wale aa jaenge kal harane hume..
gaddar kejriwal
rehne do beta tumse na ho paiga . . . . . . . . :)
Teri maa ki aur Teri bahan ki bur mather chood
muslim hone ke baad bhi ye nahi pata ki suicide karna kitna bada gunah hai
ye sab to bahane hai ghar ka kaam na krne ke . . .
tuje moka ni mil rha to apna frustation is way me nikal rha h or koi kam ni h kya
bhagoda ak
tabhi to ek kejriwal ke liye puri bjp ke sath modi ko b utarna pda yaha tak ki sare parliament ke bhi 200 mp ko modi ne delhi k prachar me utar diya . modi darr gya .
okkkk
you must be thankful to god that she didn't brotherzoned you .
ya . really sir . they dont know . . anything they r just useless peoples . and they dont have any agendas to present infront of peoples . only coming to eat money and rule people .
Kaha gaya tha ?
my roomie has a decently hot girlfriend since 2 and a half years and he's never had sex . i think i'm more disappointed than he is .
Aaj subah subah kaise ??
Kab ka
Kad ?
Kya Bata degi
Han yar bhagwan jaane
Udar hamare indian faoj ko pakistan goliyo se bhuj raha hai or navaj se hath mila rahe hai
#rahulonleave rahul fb status "onleave...feeling awesome" 67 likes 3 comments #annareturns #oscars2015 #fruitfulstart
#216 Have you ever gone out on a terrible date and came home and thought \ " did I really shave my pubic hair for this\ "
Or ja
Mai achhi
Abhi tak
just bought my 1st heineken beer in las vegas . ps i've lived here for 5 yrs ~what took me so long ! http/URL
austin rivers needs to get stronger , #spurs guards muscling him tonight . he started and just now scored in 4th . #hornets
3rd and goal at the 1 and rivers throws a int . terrible pass by rivers . bad decisions cost u games . geez half time sd 10-3
itni khusi kisi ko brbad krne k liye . .
modi ke maki chooooooooth me mera booooooooooolaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
this thursday night football game sucks . but go chiefs ! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight .
Arre bc
Tume ka firAlha se daro salman idar maza lelo akhirat me bahut tadpa tadpa ke marega
#124 Uma Gupta to your reply to the post #121 were you drunk while posting how can we be more than friends without meeting ????
Nog timeg tog celebrateg
Apna desh chlane ke liye bola apni myiya chuda rhe ho ghum ghum ke..
sojao pooja salman nahi aanewala hai kyo rat kharab karrhi ho tum
uae ke upar naa-insaafi hain yeh match, par theek hain. #indvsuae
Bahut neend aayi hui thi
" make in india " only in speeches , reality is to get " made in china " . id's made in china was used in today's rally . .
Direct gn
fuck you , band that covered it on friday night , and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk .
so what was supposed to happen next ? ? . you make it sound like you planted rdx in the lab or something ! ! ! i dont get you , man !
and now paid tweets by vindicating the draconian #landordinance #landacquisitionbill #landlies http://t.co/mxst0vclks
anna is gone too old can't think right . may be he need treatment
what you got man . . . . ? ? ? ? it is written by a girl and as you are not indian you may not know what is score ! ! !
nautanki saala
kaise ho
sare aade tede mere hi kimat me likha hai upar wale ne chun chun ke lga tha tum to sayad sahi hoge lekin nahi
kal hi mera exam hai :'(
she has changed my views on her
i can relate . parents never give a shit about what we go through . they are confused and frustrated right from the fucking day we were born .
paisa in sab ke liye kiya dinner ya coffee kar ke jutaoge . kejriwal ko to wade kar ke bhaag jana hai to wade 70 ya 700 ya 49 kiya farak padta hai kejriwal ko
Abey pakistaan ja kutte teri to hindi bhi sahi ni hai
rt nitin gadkari : lok sabha mein aap ka band baja baj gaya, ab delhi mein bhi aap ka band bajega
Thu thu thu kuttey...
na
the u . s . postal service reported a $5 . 2 billion quarterly loss , says it is nearly out of cash . &lt;-- sat mail will be gone very soon . . .
ye kabhi nhn ho sakta . . . kabhi nhn . . .
Film se fursat nahi roza ka khak rakhe ge salman bhai
Oy ?????
ha sab to thik h but ye virat kohli ko samja do lawandiabaazi chhor ke thoda run bhi bana le
modi g hum aap ko bahumat de aap hame sirf bhasad de ye delhi m nhi chalega abki bar kejriwal
iss shaan ne hi bigada hai mele guddu ko aaaiiiieeee
to the distressed soul in #96 . . . don't ever let your girl talk to another guy about her problems . . . a shoulder to cry on becomes a dick to ride on .
aise kawn baat karta hai be ? meri dulhan lol
khan says chisora won't be the same after his ko vs haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday ? #idiot
ko sone mat drn
bohot bada bakc#*d hai guddu ! ! !
Mast ...
bht harami hai guddu apna :d
Slman kya tm waqai musalman ho agr ho tu muslmano ke naam pr dhbba ho
fir tere ko de dungi
you can't be serious you're acting as if parker just sat down for those rings . parker makes the spurs what they r
Dra
suwar ka bacha
#beefban what a secular hypocrisy india had,it's now trend to make fun of sentiments of hinduism.
bhai aise karoge toh ham nhi jaynge dkhne bajrngi bhaijan
this time anna wave is not that effective
guddu itna sidha kab se ho gaya ki ek baar bolne se hi bina kisi dhamki k chala gaya :-p
its all learning for generation can't quit any way for next generation because is wish of parents as they have learn hard so its viseversa
sportsroom guy is not paying any attention .
Thik h bahi jaan ham ko bhul gye naa
bahan betiyo ki hifazat nahi kar sake to gaey bhains se khudki mardangi ko dilasa dete ho. bina aql ka sar aur bina sar ki sarkaar! #beefban
Tu musalman ke bina movie hit kar sakta he bola he na,,,,chal karke dikha,,,
if rahul quits politics, it will be a real 'blow to modi !'. #whereisrahul #rahulonleave
4 vade pure hona mushkil hai; 70 ka kya hoga ?
liquor and swines hurt my religious sentiments will they ban it too #beefban
inhe kaho hindi hi better hai . . aise to guddu ki english aur bigad jayegi
bhai sahi keh rahe ho aur ab to zindagi jhand bhi comment nahi karta . ab to ekdam bore ho chuka hai page
2nd coming: will blacks america debate the 2012 election #bet i'm tired of hearing ppl say potus haven't done anything 4 blks
Chal ba tharke
????????kaise piche pad gaye re......
i'm still shaking my head at that decision and that the heat &amp; knick are actually playing tomorrow at msg .
modi ji kath ki handi bar-bar nahi chadti ab tumhari asliyat samne aa gayi hai sirf sabse jyada raliyan karne se kuch nahi hota janta ke liye kaam bhi karne padte hain gujrat model ka naam le ke janta ko bebkuf banaya 9 mahino main aaj tak kon sa kaam kiya bjp ne ye to batao sirf states main election raliyan karne ke siwa ya videshon main ghumne ke siwa
nonsensical vulgar #aibroast is cool but a movie spreading social wellness is creepy. i haven't watched them though. lol #blockbustermsg
bharosa break kar diya raina
police: you have the right to remain silent . what ever you say may be hel against you me: harry styles
its funny how impatient everybody is . just cheking out each and every increment in the rupee . this nation is not even a 100 yrs old yet . and everybodys flyin in the air . the height of egotism .
Okk??
the glass may be rising , but it's not getting any warmer here , lago del desierto , argentina http/URL
jabh bhi kisi muslim ki khabar aati hai to aap hamesha bacho aur aurto ko hi bich me late sachi khabar diya karo . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . pagal media
koi to rok lo ise warna ye duniya tabaah kar dega
aaropi ko phasi ka saja hona chahiye
sapna bhul jao
Kisliye ?
abhi bhi sant rahu tumhara dimag to thik hai tumhe abhi tumhe samajh nahi aarha na jis din koi aur mujhe koi aur lejaega sadi karke usdin samajh aaega tumhe abhi baithe raho tum
kejeriwal tum jhute ho tumne saabka bishwas toda hai
Aur poster bhi darling ..
looking today's situation of congress i m worried where wl congrs if he wrkd 2 his style. #rahulonleave
Madharchod salman khan randy ka ladka harami kafir
ghumna band karo modiji ab thoda sarkar ko bhi dekhlo ..............................
ye jagran wala sabsey bada desh drohi hai daily bina matlab ka questions lata hai . . taki aapas me log ultey comment karey
abe kutte tere se kon baat karega
the sun: paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna . #legend
Abe kha saitan ke cakkr me pade ho
tere ma baap ko us raat so jana chahiye tha .... 3 )
bad times when u missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode :( #notfair
rt someone who never works wants to go on leave. strange. #rahulonleave
sala musalman ke naam par kalank hai ye sale tune muslim ke liye kiya hi kya hai or jo kar raha hai tu us se bhi jal raha hai
Are wo nayi bike le raaha hai .. subah hi pata chala .. To Maine kaha k main bhi chalta hu ..
#262 I once borrowed a ruler from a girl in my class , used it to measure my penis and returned it back to her .
tere muslman hun te lanat hai
rt well, we can ban beef due to religious reasons but we can't hang rapists! #beefban
Logo Uallu bna Aata hai bus 4 se 6 bje gye hai kha ho Tum....
Hi bhaiyya
koe ni abki bar 70 k 70 tiket karodpatiyo me baten hain janab , daru ka kya h pher aa jawegi , ,
amethi is the real loser in all this...!!#rahulonleave
i am away from home and it just made me a little more senti :(
Shahid kapoor ne tumhe invite nahi kiya
pahle sahi se islam ka meaning sikh lo tum aur apne pita ji ko bhi sikhao
launde dere ? ?
iranian general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles (keep talking like that and we may end up finding out)
rt education budget witnesses a drastic cut of nearly 17 percent; school education worst hit #unionbudget2015
feku ka jhutha abhiyan phir se shuru . . . . . . . . ajj jhuth ki jhaadi laga de feku ne . .
Ohhhh mai nai gyi Jaana b mat.. Pagal ho jygi
aap ne apni oukad dikhani suru kardi hai delhi valo bhaiyo soch samaj ke vote kariye
aur fir us din , uncleji aur guddu ko khaana naseeb nai hua :3
Sooper
file an rti and go public with this . this is unfair . they can not do this to anyone . you should get what you deserve .
ye to ghatiyapanti ki had hai
hmm
Kya koi janta hai k ..... SONIYA italy mai bar dancer thi .. aaj desh chala rahi hai .. wtf
bloody idiot confessor , take ur MAYBE in ur hole , Idiot abey itna confuse toh koi ek tarfa aashiq bhi nahi hota , itna MAYBE hi karna tha toh confession hi kyu daala , beer ke baad pauua pi ke soja ta ...
or btaaa sb thik na
i'm assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today
Tounghdekharhah??
guddu to gre kabhi clear nhi kar payega :p
world war 3 has been going on in my house since monday . how long do these things usually last ?
lol bhai apne din gae par bada gussa aata tha yaar . . .
kya jo log gandhi ji k vicharo ko mante hai vo kafir hai ? ye ham nahi islam kahta hai ? ? kash he jhut hota ! ! ! !
ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause . you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie . and then you decided to dig a hole . . .
sir rahul gandhi, you're lucky that you're not in the it industry, gives you a chance to take leaves at will! #rahulonleave
meri koi ijjat thodi hai
mara jaye ga ye apne ap ko gandhi smja betha h
Gurgaon ?
aap ke kutte bhi bhokne lage hain . khas kism ke pakistan aur bangladesh des se magaye hain arvind khujliwal ne
fokat ki bheed bager ticket wale
Ye kya tha be gaud ? Tumhari tadad kam karne k liye naya dal banana padega , dikh mat jaiyo warna wai crush kar dunga
Wo hi
Lag Hrami
ohhhh hooooo blind bhakt . .
Aap Kisi se bhi baat nahi karte ho
#215 Back when they didn't note down visitor info at H-10 , I have lived an entire night and half a day in a girl's room ( slipped out after the morning watchie shift changed ) .
rt it's shocking that sa didn't even make it to 200 though #indvssa
allahabad
Hmmm
#339 [\\m/] Just came back from foreign internship . It's a drastic step down in hot (?) & willing chicks . Just thinking about the sexual tradeoffs I'm paying for the IIT tag .
the collapse is happening... jadeja is run out. #indvssa #cwc15
efforts mat laga , tera kabhi koi boyfriend ni ban sakta . . . . . . :/
aisa hota hi toh nahi hai :(
Mast h yaar mumbai
Hmmm
damn , i just got cougar town cupcakes and was going to bring them tomorrow to share . i *shouldn't* eat all 12 alone . . .
Theek hai bhai ??
talent zarurat k waqt kaam na aaye to koi faayda nhii
:( for what it's worth , i thought the finder was a funny , clever show . sad it didn't even get a 2nd season .
the only bad thing about barack obama having a 2nd term as president is that its always a flop 2nd time round historically
#annareturns ,#rahulonleave.....playing hide &amp; seek
relaxing ? u have a match with chelsea tomorrow . oh , i see . u don't wanna get owned by chelsea's youngsters like bale did . #shame #cfc
Kya be salman bhadve
oo bhikari.....kya bola tha tu muje muslaman ki zarurat ni nai abe sale tere jaiso ki musalmano ko zarurt nai hai
Pagla gaya main to
Are ..
#aaptards do not want power problem go away. that is reason they oppose #landacquisitionbill
Tabhi hoga shayad warna toh hone se rha kabhi
aap takes donation from common people to work for common people .
Or chalti rehti hai
Aur jo chup chup ke bole chala jay vo hi asli hijde ki aulad hota hai ashu kutt
#unionbudget2015 what is there for kidney patients? what is there for dialysis patients? nothing nothing nothing
ghar se aisi ghatiya lallu type ki cap pehena di jati thi jabarjasti . .
well well..the intellectual bankruptcy of electronic media is complete. they have of all to ask questions on #unionbudget2015
ye apne papa ki zanjeer par latka hua hai . . . . . . . .
stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if that's the case i'm not going to the rave in san fran . #priorities
they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false . we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day !
Aaai yar
ghar pe maa . . . aur school main teachers . . . . hamesha guddu ko hi kaam batate hain . . . bechaara guddu . . . :) :-p
Thanks bhai ??
he cries and cries and cries because you wont let him do it ? did you say you were seeing a guy ? ;)
bye sleeping bol de tere tak rahe muj toh bakwas lagta hai naam toh sunna hai bhut bar
whenever they show virat kohli , i shout, "dude! i hate you!!"...#indvspak #pakistan
bhai apne abba se pooch, unki yehi khwaaish hum kabhi poori nahi kar sakte #indvspak
salman rly deke chala bhi gya dosto piiche jaake dekho
Sj Soriful kya bola teku itna hi pasand salman to tere ghar me rakh le usku
Cnfuzd hun bohot
Are kanjos ji aj to in sab se bat karo sab ko khush kar do itna to kar saktea ho ka nhe aj kanjosssssss mat bana plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz salman khan plzzzzzzzz
aab raina ko kyu fasa rahe ho
Bhai achha hu ??
Ok tjeek hai nhi aanahai to bta to.do sir
anna ji kahan modi jaise sher ki tulna memne se kar rahe ho . . .
Kabi pyase ko paani....pilaya nahi Chup rah
kabhi modi kabhi mamta kabhi kejri kabhi kiran ab kya lalu ya choutala ko sath lekar bharstachar ke ladoge
dekhlo abhi aap ko seat mili nahi uske pehale hi bap jaise oukad dikha raha hai
Udhar me se$hi katega
sahi m nhi sudhre . . . .
Main b dekhunga
sir . . chehre pr mat jaiye . . bahut nautanki baaj hai yeh launda . . :p
hahahahaha . . . . . . . . . . . hota hai aisa . koi na koi panauti baithi hoti hai kahi na kahi pe .
even though you knew your dad isnt that well off , you still demanded a galaxy s and a laptop . thats really amazing you know . .
jaam pe jaam pine se kya fayda shaam pi subah utar jaygi ary ek baar mere msg ki ankhiyon se pike dekh jra zindgi nashe m gujr #msgyouthicon
#aapstorm #feb10witharnab &amp;similar anchors/channels conspired to keep india chaotic so that they are relevant
#aapsweep #aapstorm it was a 3 hrs (8 to 11am) horror film for bjp &amp; congress and it was a 3 hrs thriller film for whole country.
are . . . pure desh me kejari se jhuth balne wala . . aur lalchi . . jo . . kursi . . ke liye . . . . kuchhh bhi kar skta hai . . .
obviously a person who has been in iit only will not see the good side of it . ask a person who has been in both the situations ( most of the m . tech guys ) .
Whi na
choking is a skill. proteas are improving ! not waiting for quarters/semis #indvssa
garibon ko ghar denge. kaise? garibon se chheenkar. shabbaash. #landacquisitionbill
jab tak desh me cinema hai , log chutiye banate rahenge :p
Baby???
goli se darr nahi lagta saahab , kohli se lagta hai
Extremist prick with hateful ideologies and hostile intentions towards neighbors. Ultimate dueschbag.
agli baar wapas aaya paise mangne to yehi maa belan se bhi marti hai ! ! :d ;)
College ja rha h ?
mere pakistani bhaiyo . . . . . . . . . apne sare patakhe hume hi bhej do kyunki jis terah tumhari team khel rahi hai us tereh to tum log koi patakhe na jla paoge
Arre bhosdi ke bhar abhi
jin jakhmo ko waqt bhar chala hai . . . . . . . . . . . tum kyun unhe chedde jaa rahe ho . .
for middle class #unionbudget2015 fully contrary &amp; after this hick in petrol &amp; diesel price destroy the budget of common man.
honesty is often best policy: fabio capello , russia coach: " i was hoping ronaldo's injury was more serious so he couldn't play tomorrow . "
i'm gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow
in last election your agenda was only corruption and you ran away . . not looking out those issues (illages , corruption , price rise , water , electricity , senior citizens , traders , education , health , youth , children etc) then ! !
kiranbediexpress will be derailed cuz it was put up on track that was about to end. what a sacrifice! #celebtrains #railbudget2015
Woh ai wali
bhaag mc bhaag ghar jaake paani pee.. naha le #indvssa..
when something is banned like the #beefban, all you end with is a black market. and if gujarat is anything to go by, bans are worthless
if anyone comes to school with the galaxy foams tomorrow , i'm mugging them .
Sala Kafir bahenchod dekhta hu teri movie kaise hit hoti hai . . . . . !
gop has set the bar very low with a 4th cycle promoting a grossly un-american idea: potus as elected autocrat . #civics101
jisko dekho modi ko chalenge karta hai dimag kharab ho gaya hai media ka bhi or in kutto ka bhi
dugni nhi abki baar rone ke liye jagah nhi milegi
kya hua ji darr gaye kya abhi to shuruwaat hai, punjab haryana me aa rahe hai hum #aapkidilli #aapsweep #aapstorm
fuck halloween . fuck thanksgiving . fuck my birthday . fuck christmas , the new year , valentines , st . patrick's , april fools . fuck all of that .
nahi milegi
13k ??
Baat na bani....
looks like the entire black money has flown into the rail budget #railbudget2015
isko dus saal ki hail honi chahiye
Oye tu kyu badi badi baate karra hi...... Pagal ho kya...
Sireela .. Nasheela ?
price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily , but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him . #boxing
sholy muje smj nh aa rha kia cmmnt kru jo socha wo sb logo ne kr die ..
guddu ka dhyaan bhatak gya h
that's crazy . i'm more jealous of u going to joe pa's grave ! i was sad saturday when i walked past where the statue should be:(
i think we all knew it would come to this . we sat through 4 yrs of watching a hatred for the potus build up . and here we are
listen.bhagavad gita was a conspiracy hatched by brahmins in collusion with kshatiryas to enslave women,vaishya &amp; sudra.@komal3192 #beefban
bhai i hate u garbage bin u make me cry
Muslim hokar muslim ko hi neech bolte ho. .. Allah se daro. ... ye saari dolat sab kuch yaho reh jayega. .. Khuda se daro
ya ni
yeh bahut buri baat hai
wow drew peterson was just convicted on september 6th for murder of his 3rd wide and they never found the body of his 4th wide smfh
Ke ho gaya
Yr kya chahte ho tum log .. hum log khudkhusi kr le kya
Mummy bhi h ?
kya lul post hai :p
Abe selman Khan muslman ke name per klneq hae ise jeene ka koi heq nahi hae
apne aap ko kya samjhte ho mushalman ko challage dete ho ab dekho hum mushlman bhi kuch kam nai he
garib ro rahe h or tum jalse kr rhe ho
uriya me hi likh deta . . smjh to wo bhi nhi ana tha or ye bhi nhi aya
anna ji . modi ji . sachche hai to aap ko . bura lag raha hai khujliwala khud carorpati se arab pati bangaya aapko nahi dikhta . aapko aagar sachche ka sath dena hai to modi ji ko dijiye one man army .
sharmaji ke launde ki pahle baar dhunai hui hai , sapne me hi sahi :)
tu to pagal he tu to paltu he or jootha bhi
hum to jaise salay ye bolkay paise letey h .. mumy apki bahu ne iphone manga h paise dena -_-
rt "dheesh ish nhot ghood. bheef ish phor borship nhot phor cheelee phry." - pranab explaining why the #beefban makes sens
#arvindannaback #landacquisitionbill modi in a major fix. he will criticized no matter what he does with the bill. major blow for him.
#128 to the distressed soul in #96 ... don't ever let your girl talk to another guy about her problems ... A shoulder to cry on becomes a dick to ride on .
Kaha hai ??
Woh bhejta hoon
jab dum nhi tha to itne bche bulane ki jrurt kya thi .. saala ache kaam kr k lathi to mili nhi entry k chakkar me mil gai
Ya allah salman agar nahi ana tha to pehle bola kyu thaa
Badhiya
Car mein ho ?
ab bharose ke layak nahi hai aap .
Kya kya hatau
Doosro ka maar ke bana thaa, doosro ka maarne ke chakkar me phasa....
dr jan radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield re kevin rudd's sad loss of family cat . pets deserve honouring cos they love unconditionally .
i remember when i was in 6 standard same happened with me just difference was that the model had got some problem and i left my brother alone :(
ye do takiye galat lagata hai , ek sidha ek upar rakh . . . phir mummy ki daat , sari rui tod de tu in takiyo ki :-p
Aur be .. Kya ho rha h
not best way priyanshi jain , because we have this last and only option :(
sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run . social life is a joke only . forever alone lvl 100000000 .
Seedha seedha bol tik ke rehna ae to rehla zyada macha mat , uske baad rahe to sahi na rahe to b sahi ( y )
pakistan need to purchase new patakhe at least for next world cup . existing patakhe become 6 world cup old now . that's why they are not able to use it . . . . .
niggas is goin die on december 26th when them foams come out . . lol rs . . niggas goin rob you &amp; be like " da shoes or ya life nigga " lol
Aaj usne bhi kaat ki inn sab se
you're saying perseverance in all instances . that doesn't mean #occupyauc is equivalent to 25 jan revolution . see the diff ?
it's always happened . mother could not watch match . . . . :(
dekho bhai vote jeetne k liye bjp wale kuch bhi kar sakte hai yeh apni maa ko marde aana kya hai
Are apko dhyan rakhne ka shonk hai Jada to rakh lo aap
Kute begherat khabees benamos kafir k bache teri itni himat
with in 4 days two plane (mig-21 and mig-27) crashed . pm and his cabinet don't even uttered a single word . rallies are more important than pilots . all the resources of govt of india engaged by bjp in delhi elections .
she said that some day soon , the sun was gonna shine . and she . . . couldn't have been more wrong ! my valentine .
these all 70 promises are not practical at all where the money came from to fulfill these huge promises .
a 10-minute break. because the match has been so boringly one-sided, you deserve a nap. #cwc15 #indvsuae
Salman bhai sirf sohrat kamane se kuch hoga. thoda bahut khuda ko bhi yaad kiya karo.mahe ramjaan bada hi pak aur touba karne vala mahina.plz ibadat bhaijaan
his team is totally isi funded to destabilize delhi .
Modi ne kuch kiya ki nahi... wo pata nhi.. pr wo 5 sal me pura world jrur ghum kr aayega
Aray bahi aao ooo na .......??
Acha jii
worst part of it all. now the govt cant even take genuine action against aap funding scam. media &amp; aaptards will cry vendetta. #delhidecides
kyoki kejri banaras walo ka chanda lekar bhaga hai .
apni mummy ko bhi item bolta hai kya sale . . . . jerk . . .
Tu suna ??
Bhai re 8123157468 pe call kar
P.m modi jee.aj mgnrega sab se top par hai.garamin chhetro mai esse playan ruka hai.lekin esme gram rojgar sewk, j.e. in sabka vawisy aap ke hath mai hai. Hum apne priwar ka laln paln dhang se nhi kr skte.bacho ko achhi shiksha bhi nhi de skte.
Tum log ne ?
pdai mt kriyu
khayega
i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on sunday . hahahaha
Abe sunna
Haha
har kisis ki na kisi k sarkar par har baar luat te hain hume par hum kuch keh nhi sakte inhe kyon hum to keh te hai ab ki har hai ek sarkar jo lute hume bar bar
Ye ko h ?
ok ab mai ja rhi hu byee....jhuth bolw kauwa kaatw kaale kauwe sw aap dariyo salmaan sir
laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason . . . and their starters played the 4th
Matlab
Kya bhej Rahe ho ?
Badhiya
aryabhatt gave zero to the world..but delhites r going to remember the zero of #congress more. #aapsweep #delhidecides #feb10witharnab
kam se kam chalk to le aya . . . nahi to khali haath hi . . sir khatam ho gyi . . .
time to declare that india's farmers are anti-national and are being supported by vatican.. :p #landacquisitionbill
anna ki publicity khatm ho gai he so . media me chaya rahna chata he kejriwal ki tarah . budda . bola he rajneeti nahi karunga ek din sala kanhi mil jayga .
all the people seeing noel fielding tomorrow , i am extremely jealous of you .
acta gets the ax . wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday http/URL
i hate people that fake who they are just to get with you , and you don't find out about it until you're in way to deep . considering this , i'm breaking up with my boyfriend .
Arrreee Gara uye
ek year ho gaye 15 paise b nhi aye
Modi tujhe jaan se maarna mera kaam hai , main Khalistani huuuuuuu
Bcoz she is not doing that's y ?
axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug . bow down , peasants .
salei suwar ka pilla .... mar jaa aishwarya ke moot mei doob ke ..cheeh Modi Aur Rss ka Nya Kutta
modi sir aap india mai over load vichle to band kar sakte nahi . . . . . jiski wajha se saara hindustan jaam mai fasa hai . . . khuch nahi karegi bjp . . . .
guddu ki mummy ko pareshan karne mein maza aata hai
yahi hai wo sharma ji ka launda . . . saale ne sbki life khrab ki hai .
Hum iske baap hai
meri???
drapan nhi darpan hota h . . aapki hindi kamzor h
jaisi karni waisi bharni . . .
shemelessly corrupt media rallying behind corrupt parties for showing their campaign to fool the people of delhi forgetting their principles of journalisam , these paid media with corrupt nexeus working hard to fool people of delhi . so far these very corrupt and paid media did not given any space for people's movement through janasbha , but keen in showing money power of corrupt parties
aane de election . . . priyanka gandhi agr khadi hue mere yahan se toh he vote dunga wrna nahi dene wala . . .
Chal tata
bachpan ki yaad dila di :-(
fabio capello (russia's head-coach) wishes cristiano's injury was more serious . (russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq)
ye kya ho rha he . . . papa ki bhi halat kharab ho rhi he . . .
Agar muslim ki nam badnam huya to teri page unlike kordun ga or kavi bi tere liye duya nahi karen ge#@Me sulltan@
mayank kal sath me dekhenge
Ye koun kutta bola
Koi to rok lo ise wrna ye dunya tabah kr dega
billy cundiff . his missed fg at the end of the 2nd quarter changed the game . he'll never play again
Fake fake fake fake
tere se kaun baat karna chahata hai be jo khud musalman ho kar musalmano ki izzat nahi karta
Likhna
pooja ne kaha hai
bhai log . . . . . yu kisi ki barbaadi ka jashn nhi manaate . . . . . . .
Iss bar BJP ka kutta Muslim pe dhabba aanne wala hai eid k din jaha b ye kutta aayega jute mar k bhagao sale k ghar me ghusu
tb to har pakki
bad luck for rohit sharma he can't score a century today. to better is record. waste of talent. #cwc15 #indvsuae
Nhi
guddu ek mahine baad aa rha hai . . world cup ke liye kuch nahi kiya . . . . . . nalayak . . .
it seem like it's national kissing day every other thursday ! who tf made that shit up ? ? !
" obma fails 2unite us , he divides us by sex , color , party , age , wealth nevada's 1st latino governor votes early for romney , predicts gop win "
kinda sucks , he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done
Na bhatera kam hai ..
Abe ke horia hai ladke ??
arre respected anna ji ek ki side ho jao kabhi aap ki burayi to kabhi bjp ki , confuse kyo kar rahe ho mausum janta ko
ram ram bhai
bhagoda hai sala
you may think i have mono-cellular zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me .
Parse ka
OK ..
Main to chutiyapanti ban gya
luncher paaji ko koi fark hi nhi pada .
Abhi karunga
o ja gashti k bachey musalman ho k hindu bna hai lanat tere pe
Kiu app apne desh ki paisa ko kharab kar rahe ho..apne desh to ghum ke dekha nehi..aap chale dushre ki desh ghumne..koi vala kam aapse nehi hoga modi g..
homegrown talent missing on signing day: throughout most of the day on wednesday , the video scoreboard . . . http/URL #raleigh
Koi nhi .. Ek game bheja toh h
niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i can't even deal .
Oye
Usko Bata de phid
#arvindannaback #bjp is not itself clear about #landacquisitionbill . they are just defending themselves. #bjp u should do homework.
facku jaldi warna ????
virat has been dropped twice so far. it means there's something fixed. this will be an ultimate excuse for all pak fans. #indvspak
bhai is kutte ki film mat dekho kyu apna paisa haram jagah le jaa rahe ho
dramebaaz kahi kaa
Hua
all these unnecessary noise created by one set of people is just increasing the profit for pk movie. #lrt
#beefban sir, thatways lot of people r employed in trafficking of woman also, but its not right.
can't blame uae, sons of rich fathers are always useless. even we have siddharth mallya. #indvsuae
Abhi b bohot kaam hain
To dhunda nahi ..
i have had a couple of hot makeout sessions in a corner of the loby journal section with different guys . it was weird as recently we saw another couple using our favored spot . wtf seriously ? ! ! ? ! ? !
seriously all of you people are dumb saying that all of the schools in cny are going to be closed tomorrow . . .
Wait karana achi baat nahi hoti hai bhai.... Bhai sirf rona baki hai
this is funny '' come back if you dont have a bf '' . dude you need to give it a thought that why u cant imagine them having sex .
teri haar 1000 % pakki hai
ab to laddu nahi milte bacchon ko . .
Salman khan chahe tera dad musalman hai chahe teri mom hindu hai chahe tu barti hai chahe tu koibi kisi bi chokath ka kuta kuta kuta hai hai hai salman khan tune allah ke name ko istara behudmi nahi karni chahie thi ........
Iski ma chod do salman ki
jhuta ak49
Pta nahi yaar
uriya me hi likh deta . . smjh to wo bhi nhi ana tha or ye bhi nhi aya
Bata ab
ha ha ha you realy a best comedian man . . you don't know what you are saying . . so that people ran away from you and your party . .
Are thand bohot hai yar
india lose v eng
no one gives up their land. no projects. no jobs. no food. no money. just land. eat mud and sleep in mud houses. happy?#landacquisitionbill
yeh hawaldar nahin rishwat khor hai
very bad
Kutty sharam tou hai nhi tujh mai zalill insaan
sari khudai ek traf aur pakistan ki thukai ek traf ;)
yugpurush always follow "early to bed and early to rise -he surely has very less or no interest in his wife " #aapstorm
those guys who are cracking jokes on confessor are simply sick ! this guy confessed his feeling just to remove weight from his heart & get some help & u making fun of him ? ? if u cant help him instead of mocking then plz die .
Muslim ka nam mat kharab karna salman bhai chahe kuch bhi karo koi tention nahi
in anna ka bhi kuch pata nahi lagta . kb kiske sath ho jaye aur kisko chod de , pata nahi chalta . lagta hai ab umar ho gyi hai isliye sathya gye hai
nothing true
u talk too much kejri
Bahut sahi
i've never actually sat down and watched the whole movie of the notebook . . . . . . because i dont like the movie .
#216 : have you ever gone out on a terrible date and came home and thought \ " did i really shave my pubic hair for this\ "
oye duffer man ! keep your mouth shut
Salman ji wakai aap h ki koi fraud bnata h humlogo ko 4 bj gae h
Karta hun
upset alert in acc men's soccer: #1 maryland down 4-2 to wake forest late in the 2nd . . . and down a man after an earlier red card .
Abe Saale sab mein amazon ka kyu likh rha hai
#landacquisitionbill kro trakki kissano ko maar ke ae jalim...bache tumhare bhi khush nai rhege...
niggas be on the lakers dick . . . we still gon finish damn near first seed . . . while yo team be struggling for the 8th spot
sab chori ke honge
Mast hun di
to hum kya kare :p . . . chal dafa ho ab :(
Happy new year janu !!
Chaye bechate bechate desh mat bej Dena
Ghandhi gandhi gandhi aakhir ye gandhi hi kya ek logo ko bewkuf bana kr des ko bechne wala
Bajrangbali ki vakt , kavi jhuut bolti nahi , toh aap kaise bola ?
No idea
if they play new born tomorrow instead of ss i will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel
Salman khan Teri maa ki chuth aur Teri bahan ki chood
'no favorites' for russia-portugal clash - capello: moscow , october 11 (ria novosti) - russia's match with portu . . . http/URL
well tomorrow you have to share a bed with ash . . . . . . . . . . . . . i dont really know what is worse ! !
rula diya yaar sachhi me :(
pyaar dard deta hai
ya class me padhte waqt -_-
Kaisan ba?
bb me jo kuch kie kahe sab bhul gae natak tha na sab camera ke liye kie the na
apne to kuch kiya nai siwai photo khichne ke . . .
#new #shit 10 things to know for friday: the u . s . postal service , on the brink of default on a second . . . http/URL #new #swag
if you are a family member , friend , or fan of austin rivers you may want to unfollow me . this is about to get ugly .
there are thousands of hindus too crying over #beefban . your cartoon reference again exposes that hidden sanghie strain!
Eid ke din salman apni maiya chudae
did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the 6th season of tree hill with peyton to travel the wolrd ? #youjustruinedmylife #fuckyou
wo khubsurt tab thi jab wo indian thi , ab to pakistani bakri ban gai h jo ghas to bhart ka khati h or doodh sali pak ko deti h , or ise khubsurt khne wale murkhon jab ise 125 crod bhartiyon me koi ise pasand hi nhi aaya jo ye pak gayi , or soch le bakri saniya tune jise pasand kiya h na vo pahle bhi ek bharti ladka tha
Sale*
rt #msg3successfulweeks speak itself ... wat it is!!! apparently it is not getting down critics' throat!!!!
SAI hai
Acha acha kaunsa colour
#163 I'm very dark skinned , and in the nights I just walk around in a dark brown undie . I enjoy it when everyone especially newbies who get freaked out seeing a nudie in the hostel .
but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier , i may have to hit him !
jab guddu ko bahar bhej diya toh fir papa ke kaan me khusur pusur karne ki kya zarurat thi !
h
aise manhoos har jagha pe hote hain or wo jab aise score puchte hain toh koi nahi batata . . .

app promised lot , for those programme where is the money let , him first say about this , every political parties only make promise to elected . they enjoy the power for 5 yrs , after what happened these days we all know .
tention lene se kuch ni hota
lagta h anna ko bjp me kisi ne ghaas nahi dala
ab chipak ke fayada nahi ye to dho dala humko
smh i'm just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas ! ! !
kitna haramkhor bacha hain .
#287 Once upon a time there was a crooked GS who did not notify students about an exchange program so that he could send 3 of his friends for the same .
even i want to protest for the poor... book me a chartered flight, a suite in itc maurya and a limo to take me around. #landacquisitionbill
kejriwal . . . what the use of 70 issues , you don't last even 50 days last time .
Arree yaaaarrr
parso hi 19 ka hua hun aur abi tak single hun . . tu saale 4th me hi ladki baji karne lag gaya tha kamine dusri dhoond lo ; nhi lagega ki ye wala pyar tha :p
aur bc upar se kabhi teacher aa jaate the . . . jo fat ti thi . . .
dhoni ka sala h . in sb ki bure days aane wale h .
abe aap wale har time kami mat nikal a karo
if i was 21 i'd be in a room with noel gallagher , shaun ryder , bez etc but instead i'm in preston sat in kfc . brilliant .
nirash kar diya
Tm ho koun? Asaduddin owaisi sahab ne tmhri aukat dikha di.. abhi b tmko samjh nhi aaya
desh ko bachane nikle the abhi #kejriwal ko bachane mei zoor laga rahe hai #aap #aapfundingscam #nta9 #delhi #hawalaatmidnight
ghost rider 2 is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow
Abhi bas khana khane jaa rha hoon
Dhyan rakh ??
extra point is no good . its dsu 28 , morgan state 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter .
Hihihi sab ko ullu bana raha he salman
pakistaniyo ko firse khush hone ki wajah nahi mili #indvssa #india
creation of jobs is the bogie being cried for #landacquisitionbill - highest number of people employed r in agriculturesector
#aapstorm aaj yeh to saabit ho gaya ke dilli dil walo ki nahi muftkhoro ki hai ishwar bachaye hamein
Are dekh lnge 5 30 tak
humare jawan ko marne vale aatnki ko shahid bolne vale huriyat neta se mila huaa hai kejrival phle hi kejrival owesi se hath mila chuka hai isi liye owesi delhi me chunav nahi ld raha . kejrival ka ek neta kashmir ko desh se alg karne ki bat kar chuka hai aam aadami ke naam leke rajniti karne vale aam aadami kejrival ki asli rajniti ko samjho .
getting 4 times of land price is irrelevant if farmers not willing to sell his land.. #landacquisitionbill
can't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny (coni ) report . baages wait &amp; watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope .
delhi walon chodo kejjri jaisa gaddar #abkibaarbedisarkaar
dobara mat kahna galti hamari thi
Han di aise mat bolo
Abe hame paiseee dikhaayegaa tu
?
Gn
Kya ho gaya
aaj kal to bhai 65 , 70 , saal ki orato se bhi bachkar rahana padega kya malum ganda arop laga de jese bedi ne kumar viswas par laga diya
jo khud ek mazaak ban kar rah gaya ho wo dusaron ka kya mazaak udaayega . . . . agar aisa kiya hai to 1 number ka gadha hai .
oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was 1st in the race . . . :( #m6
shaan ki maa ko jada prb hai . .
salman ab nhi bachoge jab tak reply nhi doge mai picha nhi chorne wali
Kisko
good
no job 4 youth , no vote
Just a bunch of hairs there
i got dumped after 6 years . feel like shit . really on the verge of being suicidal . anyone got any suggestions ?
bura to tab lagta tha jab koi tok deta tha . . . itna bada ho gaya abhi bhi mummy ki godi me baithata hai :(
Tumhare kya haal ??
Abhi haryana ne hu
Han hai to .
Aur kuch ?
insaniyat ke naam par kalank .
mene socha tha ki aap humesa such bolte he aur bhut acche h but aap bilkul bhi essaaa nhi he
what the hell! if u are a south african fan its gonna hurt your feelings right now! sa 153-7 #indvssa #cwc15
harami sala salman...
bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the 2nd . illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are .
master ke saamne bheegi billi aur baad mein sher . . . bahut kamina hai ye baalak :p
nhi nhi
Kare chamara sale
FB stats show that we have crossed 15,000 unique page views ! Time to crack open a nice bottle of single malt and enjoy )
Post invigilation
ch**t ko bhi kabhi shave kar lia karo , wahan to jangal bana rehta hai !
i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired , option toss on 3rd and 7 #cmonman
bed news .
Han thik hai
sub chor hai sala
this break is a pisstake just get it over with! #indvsuae
Humbey
sir, pls do a series of tweets on #landacquisitionbill. your loyal support base is getting impatient &amp; fed up of msm bias.
Kuch nhi yaar
as a congressmen if you laugh at the potshots taken at us, u r a traitor &amp; if you dont you have hoods on #delhidecides
Malum hai
Hamesha Bhai bola par tu Bhai bolne k layak nhi
suna h DU ki ladkiya bhot hot hoti h ??
so ? they put tebow in the top 100 and a fucking fullback in the top 100 . btw ray lewis was 3rd on the overrated thing . yup . . .
hiiii
i certainly wouldn't be spending my hard earnt taking the kids to see say shels 2nd xi v us , clubs will fold no doubt
Back to pavillion
l sabse bekaar power thi :p
Salman agar tu ne mujse bat nhi ki na to samjo. Tera mera qissa khtam finish
Tu muslman nahi h kiyo ki tu mandir jata h tu kadiyani h salman
Kewal ghumte raho aur india ka ko narak me badal do tumhara modi yahi kahani
valentine day has been cancelled . . what ? why ? how ? you may be asking . but you see it's simple math . . 14-2-12 =0
Phus phus diya
Kutta appa
agar kisi ke match dekhne ate hi wicket giri to hum usse pura match nahi dekhne dete . . ha ha
Kaise hai chutiye ? ?
na tum mujhse pyar karte the aur na hi ab karte ho sadi to karna hi nahi chahte isliye na phone karte ho aur na hi milte ho jhute makkar dhokhebaj ho tum
modi k pass zothe bhashano ke elava kush nahi hai pm banne ke pehle modi ne janta se kitne promise kiye the or koye bhi pura nahi kiya janta ko bewkuf banaya hai wo janta se kiss muh se vote mang rehe hai kush to sharam aani chahiye .
CBSE never delays marksheets U pervert !!! Must b ur School , s fault .
kitni gareebi hai india mai jo maa aur bete ko mazboor kar deti hai .
Sale kafir salam mat kar ... namaste kar
dhoka de diya bhaijaan....
you know the situation of indian economy is bad when sonia gandhi has to go to a local hospital .
friday night an it's dead . suppose i should go bed , watch spartacus and nurse a glass of rum as i have no coke:( #sendmetoasleep
Ghazab photo h yaar
jo ho na saka kashi ka . . . . . . . . wo kaise hoga delhi vasi ka . . . . . .
Jo muslmano pe kicad uthayega hum use kuchl deege yaad rkh che koi v ho
Salman khan Bajrangi kutta maa ka lauda bhenchod
Bhai ghumta rahio kaaam koi na kario
bjp is very anxious coz #rahulonleave and is also trending #whereisrahul coz he has become an asset for them. #wontgivehimback
Koi change na kara
Sala khutta bajrangi bana hova kuch to sharm kr?
kya humne esi liye ko vote diya tha ki wo bina anumati ke logo ki jameeno par kabza kare #annareturns #landacquisitionbill
is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story , and at least five times , mistakes the name " becky " for " blocky ? " #stickingtoit
plz aayeye sir jhuth bole to smjh lena aap ek meri jitni achi fan gwa doge aap sir
guddu: mujhe bhuk nhi hai aur aaj dunia ki koi bh takat mujhe pura match dekhne se hila nahi dekh sakti . . .
watched the 1st season of scandal and all i can say is olivia pope is a bad girl ! ! ! ! ! ! got season 2 on dvr . . . . . . . .
Aur chacha
hairaan ho gaye anushka k dus devar . .
Acha acha
sale haramkhor media aise duniya me koi dawai he ni h , kyu chutiya bna rhe ho
To ?
Salmaan bhai maine hay kaha tumne javab nhi diya
post of the night: anonymous (id: excv6jkr) 11/02/12(fri)00:52:39 no . 434329650 this thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut
iske bina to jeewan adhura tha . . .
\ " We also need a tougher law against false rape cases against a woman\ "
however , he has confirmed breaking a chair in the duke pressbox , 2nd such destruction at a duke sporting event .
meanwhile in an alternate universe :d
Gara a maar li
sala kuti ki olad
guddu bada harami :-p
hadd hai yaar kuch gals itni dumb kyu hoti .
U ka h ?
axl rose needs to just give up . now . not later , not soon , not tomorrow . now !
ohhh that is bad . . . . god knows where our educatn systm is goin ?
Tatti na
bhai ne btaya
perhaps , your situation with english is bad than everything else whatsoever -_-
Enka koi eman dharm nahi hai
Mera samajh me na ayi
koi dusraa naam nai mila kya, is se pehle bhi Hero naami kayi filme pit chuki hai..
Acha ..
#72 : it's been a whole year and i still haven't had sex , even though my wingmates think i'm this stud who hangs out and talks to girls all the time .
Sexy !!
Jhunjjunu
She was not there . She had left before I went .
kachua sir agar chalk ke tukde bachho pe nahi marte to bechare naunihalo ko beekh nahi mangni padti :-d
tushar gupta mukund sharma yaman sharma piyush yadav aisa lg raha he bandaro k pinjade se nikal kar aa raha hu . . ;)
salman yaar sudhar ja bhai Q krta hai gandi herkate yaar
dharmavijaysinh rathod the reason not to watch indo pak clash with family :p
bohot kam baar chalta hai ye bahana bhi .
guddu mummy ko cheat kar rha hai , bad habbit guddu
Abbe o
Baba ji aap to so jao q budhape me nind kharab kar rahe ho
Okays
luncher paaji kahan hain ? ? ? bahut din se gayab hai . .
Are ka bhi ?
Chl dhyan rakh le yar
since aap is is working hard to get its goal . what i fear about is the defective evmmachine . (press any button . vote goes to only a particular party . )
move towards green vehicles, but looks like a very small fund... rs 75 cr allocated for electric vehicles #unionbudget2015 #budget2015
kejri tu banaras aakar bole the ki banaras me hi rahunga . lakin tu chanda lekar bhag gya
If you are this active on fb chances are you won't be getting to IIT in the first place . Keep dreaming .
bhai logo 5 rs. mien bharpet khana milta h congressiyo ka kahna h bt delhi mien congress raj hote hue bhi ek golgappa nahi milta
Bhosrdi k kya bolta hai musalmaan nich hai
Harami kanjer insaan
escalators to be installed on stations but coolies shd be warned not to damage them, this is my concern! #railbudget2015
kejri sirf kiran ka jap karta hai delhi ki janta ka toh namonishan nahi . . . .
sharma ji kya peet rahe hai apne lal ko . lolz .
mujhe to sidha daant padti thi . . . bacho k hath me paise nahi diye jate warna bigad jayenge :d :d
Oh ! Come on guys , VC is not any rabid megalomaniac , he is just putrid guy with a villain like appeal .
raina ko bali ka bakra na banaya jay
Karne ka toh mera bhi nahi bha
#313 I got dumped after 6 years . Feel like shit . Really on the verge of being suicidal . Anyone got any suggestions ?
kahi plane ka petrol toh khatam to nahi hua paise late late . . . .
Nhi yaar
omg the music video comes out tomorrow ! btw i still can't get over harry's voice :') http/URL
#181 : my roomie talks in his sleep and doesn't know about it , but the rest of the wing have all heard him . none of us have told him yet .

jaago hinduo jaago murkh na bano ye kejri bhi deshdrohi gadaar hai like congress
Yaar Kiran se$hi puchna hoga
Shadi me rupye dunga kanyadaan ke
aur vo unn char ko bhi pura nahi kar payege
tum kis mitti se bane ho koi tumhare sath 3.5 se bat kar rha hai 3.5 sal se ek hi chij se ek hi bat kah rahi hai tumhe koi phark nahi padta
ham teeno bhai , mummy kaam pe kaam kahe ja rahi ha par koi bhi nhai hil raha ha tv k saamne se
jo dusaro ko ganda bolte hai woh khud wahi hote hai
haseen bachpan me master ji ke dande with sapne of sunday
another biggest lie : maggie ready in 2 minutes :p
faaku insans bus matlaab he doondh sakta ha pur jaamen naahi
Hi bhaiyya
Tu sefp ?
Easy hojata hai boho
Are mera baby naraj hogya
india ka mal jitna paroge ghum lo 5 sal ke bad aap nehin aaoge
chutiyuon ki sarkar hai, chutiyapa to hota hi rahega #beefban
with all benson's attention , frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild . lets 'founding father' him so he know we will never forget 2nd place .
anna agar aap koi bayan na do to hi aacha hai . bcz janta ke samne sabka chehra saamne aa chuka . hai . isliye plz aapki image down mat karao
pritam ko winner hona chaiye tha . . . . so sad:-(
kam se kam time pe leke toh aa gya . . main toh period khatam hone ke baad laata tha :p
Ruk ye padh
Kha khub bahar ka
ro ro ke kar rhe hain pakistan wale , india walo se binti hai koi to le lo hmre pathake
kya Sallu dost ko bhul gya kya
Iss bar teri ni chalegi
stop that my dude . . . " dook football , even the sun shines on a dog's a$$ some days . #unc "
Haan haan .. lekin samaan bahut sarra hai
so it's official now, rahul gandhi will not tear the bill #rahulonleave.
bhai kuzliwal to ek kaam bhe nahi kar sakta ab tak bus logo ko gumraha he kara hai
won't be surprised if 17000 old toilets to be replaced with new ones means installing indian toilets since bjp is in power #railbudget2015
i can not change yesterday . i can only make the most to day , and look with hope toward tomorrow . (anonymous)
bkwass casette
Are yr
even after scoring the required marks . . that is just a sad story . > ! !
because it reduces the probability of getting a girl . which in turn reduces the probability of our precious money being wasted on these girl which should be invested in daru . . . :p
sab bekar h..... koi nhi aane wala ..... salman nhi aayega

Chal theek hai
being addicted to temple run may be the worst thing that's happened to me haha .
once upon a time there was a crooked gs who did not notify students about an exchange program so that he could send 3 of his friends for the same .
To hum kya karay
rt at least uae can proudly say that they won the toss today! #indvsuae
Baat khtm krni hai ya khani suru soch lo :v
parso hi 19 ka hua hun aur abi tak single hun . . tu saale 4th mein hi ladki baji karne lag gaya tha kamine
i dont understand whats the problem of this media with hinduism . what do they want ?
Mujhe to lagta h ye yadav ni mulla h /
niii
uae 34/3 #indvsuae kyun bacho pe jullm ker rahe ho. sharm karo bechare pehli baar na khel rahe hai.
Tune nam kab pucha be ?
people can't trust u again
Are bohot bola mene di usko ki chal . Ek Hi tiket me ho jyga kam bhi .. Bolta ke project karega ..
he just got completely , utterly lost . . it's not like there was a viable 2nd option , everyone knew it was parker's shot !
sexist party putting allegations on bjp for women safety . funny . kiran bedi is more capable and have effective vision and mission for women safety . check her facebook and twitter posts
Nahi to ye mat soch ke tu fanna nahi hoga ye khyal tera jhutha h
saala pta nahi kha hai ? ?
fox chicago , you make me angry . playing the vikings vs redskins over the nfc championship rematch 49ers vs giants tomorrow ? ? ? ?
Bas itna hi likhna hai ?
guddu bhai aaj kal asleel ho gaye hain
#shamitabh movie komal nahta review bo verdict flop no recover cost of pro nd add ..my be very low income multible..10%
mera dost rinkuaaaa pit bhi chuka tha iske liye
Hmm
i agree , but i would say 90% of humans are idiots
CST jaana
there's less space in 10 janpath's house thats why #rahulonleave to think. pure idiotic. he keeps on going in europe with his girlfriend
#cwc15 #indvspak ab ye w. akram khud hi pak ke liye khele toh kuch ho sakta hai. bahar se ye aadmi chutiya paki team ka kya karega ? lol
kuch bhi ho jaaye . . . uss pakistan wale ke pataakhe nahi footne chaiye aaj ! !
jo huya ho geya ushe kuyu bar 2 samne late itne nai sochte ki unki family ko kitna dukh hoga
kachua sir ki laat seedha bum pe :@ :@
Oho ..
bhai pichwada to bhopu ne kharab kar diya . . bt amardeep sharma ka kuch jyada hi ho gya heeee . . . aditya varshney
instead of sleeping in the parliament, he decided to sleep elsewhere. what is the problem? #rahulonleave
are is takle k bhi bajao . . . sale ko khane se fursat nhi . . . .
pass
yr apne Shi nhi kiya musalmano ko chetavni dekar
delhi hs chosen ths mayhem.nw will pay for it. aap mla amanatullah says batla encounter fake, probe again. #delhidecides
Kutta hai to na to muslim na to hindu
i have cheated in class assignments , cheated in quizzes , cheated in mid-sems , cheated in end-sems , cheated in my btp , and currently cheating on my bf . he has no clue .
arrogant ! came to 1st debate knowing he's leading in polls so he didn't have to prepare ! then romney shows he can be potus .
ohhhh bsss krrrr Modi tenu ghuman toh sivva horr koi kmmm h k
desperation day (february 13th) the most well known day in all mens life .
Bhai jaan kuch kami si lag rahi h... Pata nai kyun.....
ghanta milegi khusi
Tum.sala.hindu.
ye ishq nhi aasan bas itna samaj lijiye . . . . ek aag ka dariya hai or dub ke jana hai . . . -- ! !
tujhse kuch nhi hoga ak bhai baatein se kuch nhi hoga bhai paise se kaam hota hai jo aap ke pass nhi hai so better leave it
mujhe to bhai virat pe shak hai dhoni ki jalan se match harwa diya
chal chutiyee zindagii issi chutiyaap mei nikaal dena gaandu !!
and to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time , why did you even come ? #confused
up ki bat kiya jaye to samajwadi sarkar se jude log lakhpati se crorepati ho gaye hai .
Ye kya karenge ?
du administration really sucks ... u r nt the nly one .. nd b . ed is nt the nly course ... ths is hpng wth evry course nd hundrds of students are sufrng ...
Padhai karle
aur fir us din , uncleji aur guddu ko khaana naseeb nai hua
Abbe subah subah kya ho gya tujhe admin ??? Ja k chai pi or hme v pine de
Election jantak chunne k hota h ya neta juth bolte h bade2 wade karte h,lakin wahi'ENGRAGI SASAN'Ise badlega kon jise humne chunna h lakin wo badlega to wo satta sukh,bade2 ghotale,janta ka pesa janta k leya kyo pryoge nahi ja raha,
dekh le
modi is trying to destroy all indigenous business, first e-rickshaw now agriculture #landacquisitionbill
ima go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed . come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit
Haha ..
never trust chinese
Abdul raheem bhai iske nhi samajh aayga mu bhat hai sala maners to hai hi nhi isme isko samjhan khde ke aage been bajana hai
the memorial of his grace bishop samuel . . . may he pray for us . . . he was assassinated with sadat on the 6th http/URL
hahaha . . . . main to waapis aa k bhi nhi pehnta tha . . . . :p
tu free ho jye to btaaa diyu okkkk
kejri sullo ka chamcha hai , jago hindu jago
Okkk mt Milo ??
sandy , if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild .
Bilkul nahi
